---
title: Results and Impact > Professional Development Program Results, 2014-15
nav: about_nav
---

# [Results and Impact](/about/impact) > Professional Development Program Results, 2014-15

## What impact does Code.org professional development have on teachers?

### Summary
Through [our professional development (PD) efforts](https://code.org/educate/professional-development), we are helping a large, diverse audience of K-12 educators (~1,600 MS+HS, ~10,000 K-5) feel more prepared to teach Computer Science using our resources. The majority of our PD participants feel very satisfied with their experience and overwhelmingly recommend the PD to others. The majority of participants feel prepared to teach CS, but this varies by workshop and by course. One of the few major areas of improvement was reported to be online PD, pointing to a need to rethink our approach to blended learning experiences.

### Detailed Findings

**Table: Overall Satisfaction and Preparation in District Programs Professional Development**

|.| Last year (K5, Sci, Alg, ECS) | Currently as of 7/1 (Sci, Alg, ECS, CSP)|
|——| ——————————————-|——————————|
|I would recommend the PD to others | 97% | 94% |
| Best PD ever | 81% | 85% |
| I feel prepared to teach CS | 88% | 85% |

<br/>
<br/>

#### K-5 Professional Development Results:
During the 2014-15 school year, Code.org trained over 10,000 K-5 teachers. Two different programs helped us reach such a broad audience: our [K-5 Affiliate Program](https://code.org/educate/k5-affiliates) and our [K-5 District Partnership programs](https://code.org/educate/k5-district-partnership) in Charles County, MD and Chicago, IL. The main difference between the two groups being that our affiliate-trained teachers opt-in to the training, whereas our district-trained teachers are more likely to be appointed by an administrator.

- The population of teachers we are training through our K-5 work in districts is heterogeneous and diverse in terms of prior experience. Participants vary widely in terms of both their knowledge related to computer science, and their skill level for teaching computer science (based on self-reported levels). 
- Of K-5 teachers trained in Charles County, D and Chicago, 99% would recommend the training to other teachers and 86% say it was “...the absolute best professional development [they’ve] ever participated in.”
- Of K-5 teachers trained in Charles County, MD and Chicago, 97% agreed that they felt prepared to teach Code.org curriculum after the training.
- 9,290 teachers have participated in our K-5 PD via affiliates as of June 15. 
- Of the teachers participating, 64% responded to the feedback survey. Similar to our district partnership PDs, the audience for K5 affiliate PD is diverse in terms of prior CS experience; however 98% of participants are in-school teachers (not informal teachers or home school teachers). 

**Table: Overall Satisfaction and Preparation in K-5 Affiliate Professional Development**

|------ | K-5 Affiliate-trained teacher satisfaction (as of 6-15)) | Currently as of 7/1 (Sci, Alg, ECS, CSP)
|I would recommend the PD to others | 98.63% (satisfaction) |
| Best PD ever | 65.77% |
| I feel prepared to teach CS | 94.28% |

#### Middle and High School Professional Development Results

During the 2014-15 school year, Code.org trained over 1,600 6-12 grade teachers through our [District Partnership programs](https://code.org/educate/districts). In Middle School, we trained on our [GUTS](https://code.org/curriculum/science) and [Bootstrap](https://code.org/curriculum/algebra) curricula. In High School, we trained on our [Exploring Computer Science](http://www.exploringcs.org/) (ECS) curriculum. Both Middle and High School teachers participated in four phases of job-embedded PD over the course of the school year.

**Middle School Professional Development: GUTS and Bootstrap Curricula**

- The teacher population in each workshop was quite varied.	A common characteristic among	most of them, however, is that they are teaching computer science for the	first time.
- 98% of participants agreed that they would recommend this workshop to others; 98% agreed or slightly agreed that this was the “...the best professional development [they’ve] ever participated in.”
- Teachers come into PD with little CS knowledge. Teachers in the Bootstrap PD rated themselves a 4.66 out of 10 on their “...skill level for teaching computer science.” Teachers in the GUTS PD rated themselves a 5.19 out of 10. These relatively low self-efficacy ratings have implications for future PD planning and organization.
- Some teachers surveyed felt unprepared to teach the GUTS curriculum. Approximately 73% felt prepared.
- These results reflect a slight disconnect between teacher satisfaction with a professional development experience and their belief that the PD will impact or change their practice.


**High School Professional Development: Exploring Computer Science Online PD (Phase I)**

- Phase I was conducted online via EdX. Participation remained low (less than 30%) for the entire year, calling for a rethink of the online learning design and model.
- A majority of participants reported general satisfaction with	the Phase I experience but it	was not comparable to the best professional development they had experienced in the  past.
- Although a majority of participants agreed to some extent that they understood the goals of Phase I, it was a modest majority, leaving a large proportion of participants who did not. Similarly, almost 40% of participants did not know what to expect for the next phase of the  professional development.
- Respondents were not confident that they know all they need to know about these	topics in order to teach them well.

# NEED GRAPH - CIRCUMSTANCES...

**High School Professional Development: Exploring Computer Science Face-to-Face PD (Phase 2)**

- Participants varied by gender and previous experience with CS, but most interestingly participants varied by whether they volunteered to be at the training or whether they were selected by an administrator to attend. Whether or not someone “opted-in” impacted their level of satisfaction and the positivity of their responses over all.
- The overwhelming majority of participants agreed that this professional development was a good use of their time (82%). Similarly, 83% of participants agreed they would recommend this professional development to others. Participants’ reports of whether	or not this was	the best professional development they’ve ever attended varied by	workshop.
- Participants feel prepared to use inquiry and equity in their computer science classrooms this year, but would like more support with content. 

[<button>Back to Full 2014-15 Report](/about/impact)<br /><br/>
