Code.org tutorial platform
Copyright 2024 Code.org

This product includes software developed at Code.org (http://code.org), in
collaboration with engineers from Google, Microsoft, Facebook, Twitter.

The Code.org proprietary or licensed graphics, artwork, sounds, lectures,
videos, logos, characters, fonts, etc., are all the copyrighted property of
Code.org or the licensor identified herein and may not be used or distributed
or accessed in any manner other than directly via Code.org's own website,
mobile applications, or social media channels, as-is without modification or
embedding in another format. Any use or distribution of the Third-Party
Licensed Materials requires the consent/license of the licensor identified
below.

Third-Party Licensed Materials

The branded graphics, artwork, sounds, lectures, videos, logos, characters,
screenshots, and trademarked names of Minecraft are the sole property of
Microsoft (https://www.microsoft.com). Any distribution of the software in
this repository outside of Code.org's own website may not include any use
of this proprietary IP without a separate agreement with Microsoft.

The branded graphics, artwork, sounds, lectures, videos, logos, characters,
screenshots, and trademarked names of Star Wars are the sole property of
Disney (http://www.disney.com) and Lucasfilm (http://www.lucasfilm.com). Any
distribution of the software in this repository outside of Code.org's own
website may not include any use of this proprietary IP without a separate
agreement with Disney and Lucasfilm.

The branded graphics, artwork, sounds, lectures, videos, logos, characters,
screenshots, and trademarked names of Frozen are the sole property of Disney
(http://www.disney.com). Any distribution of the software in this repository
outside of Code.org's own website may not include any use of this
proprietary IP without a separate agreement with Disney.

The branded graphics, artwork, sounds, lectures, videos, logos, characters,
screenshots, and trademarked names of Ice Age are the sole property of 20th
Century Fox (http://www.foxmovies.com). Any distribution of the software in
this repository outside of Code.org's own website may not include any use of
this proprietary IP without a separate agreement with 20th Century Fox.

The branded graphics, artwork, sounds, lectures, videos, logos, characters,
screenshots, and trademarked names of Angry Birds are the sole property of
Rovio Entertainment Ltd (http://www.rovio.com). Any distribution of the
software in this repository outside of Code.org's own website may not
include any use of this proprietary IP without a separate agreement with
Rovio Entertainment Ltd.

The branded graphics, artwork, sounds, lectures, videos, logos, characters,
screenshots, and trademarked names of Plants vs. Zombies are the sole
property of Popcap Games, Inc (http://www.popcap.com). Any distribution of
the software in this repository outside of Code.org's own website may not
include any use of this proprietary IP without a separate agreement with
Popcap Games, Inc.

The branded graphics, artwork, sounds, lectures, videos, logos, characters,
screenshots, and trademarked names of The Amazing World of Gumball are the
sole property of Cartoon Network (http://www.cartoonnetwork.com). Any
distribution of the software in this repository outside of Code.org's own
website may not include any use of this proprietary IP without a separate
agreement with Cartoon Network.

The branded graphics, artwork, sounds, lectures, videos, logos, characters,
screenshots, and trademarked names of The Bad Guys are the
sole property of DreamWorks Animation LLC (https://www.dreamworks.com). Any
distribution of the software in this repository outside of Code.org's own
website may not include any use of this proprietary IP without a separate
agreement with DreamWorks Animation LLC.

Code.org uses a set of Font Awesome proprietary icons, related computer
software, and other material published at github.com/FortAwesome/Font-Awesome
and fontawesome.com licensed under the Font Awesome Pro License
(https://fontawesome.com/license).
