---
title: Visualizing Data
view: page_curriculum
theme: none
---


<%= partial('curriculum_header', :unitnumber=>4, :unittitle=>'Data', :lesson=>10, :title=> 'Visualizing Data', :time=>50, :days=>1) %>

[content]

## Lesson Overview (New Learning)
As more and more of data are collected, processed, and analyzed, there is a pressing need to present the results with simplicity and efficiency.  Visualizations are powerful tools for conveying large amounts of information to tell a story. Properly made visualizations can help the reader understand and retain the important ideas from the story being told. In this lesson, students will use visualizations generated by JavaScript commands with the Google Charts API in the Google Code Playground.

[summary]

## Teaching Summary
### **Getting Started** - 10 minutes
1) Video: Data Visualization.

### **Activity: Making Visualizations** - 35  minutes 
   
2) Pie chart.   
3) Geo map.  
4) Free choice & configuring charts with API.  

### **Wrap-up** - 5  minutes 
4) Sharing favorite charts. 


[/summary]

## Lesson Objectives 
The students will...

- Provide reasons why visualizations are  useful in presenting the results of data analysis.
- Generate data visualizations with JavaScript.


# Teaching Guide
## Materials, Resources and Prep
### For the Student
- Student Journal
- Access to Google Charts at [https://developers.google.com/chart/interactive/docs/index](https://developers.google.com/chart/interactive/docs/index)

### For the Teacher
- Access to the Internet
- Access to the videos on the page [https://www.ted.com/playlists/56/making_sense_of_too_much_data](https://www.ted.com/playlists/56/making_sense_of_too_much_data)


## Getting Started (10 min)
### 1) Data Visualization
- Watch a video about the usefulness of Data Visualization.
- Suggested videos are at [https://www.ted.com/playlists/56/making_sense_of_too_much_data](https://www.ted.com/playlists/56/making_sense_of_too_much_data).  Some of the videos are longer than 10 minutes, so adjust your lesson accordingly. 



## Activity: Making Visualizations(35 min)
### 2) Bar Chart
- Direct students to Google Charts at [https://developers.google.com/chart/interactive/docs/gallery/barchart](https://developers.google.com/chart/interactive/docs/gallery/barchart)
- Direct students to read the Bar Chart Page. Students can copy and paste the code into a textfile, then open the file in a browser. 
- Alternatively, there may be a link on the page to play with the code interactively. 
- Encourage students to add an extra row to the data. 

[tip]
# Teaching Tip  
To make a DataTable, Google Charts uses two-dimensional arrays which can be thought of arrays of arrays. Point out to students that there is an opening '['  and a closing ']', which denote the beginning and end of the two-dimensional array.

[/tip]


### 3) Geo Chart
- Direct students to click on the Geo Chart Visualization. 
- Conduct a quick survey of the class. Ask students to name the country outside of the U.S.  
- Encourage students to put this data into their Geo Chart.  

### 4) Free Choice & reading the API

- Allow students to choose another Chart in the Visualizations list.  
- Encourage them to look at the View Docs button to try to configure the chart in different ways using the API for that chart.


## Wrap-up Reflection (5 min)
### 4) Class Sharing
- Engage students to think a bit more deeply about the visualization they created. 
- Ask: "Which chart do you think best represent the data used and tells an interesting story?  Why?"
- Invite students to share their responses.

## Checking for Understanding
- List 3 reasons why visualizations are important. 
- Describe a situation or the type of data that is best communicated with the use of various charts. Include pie, geo, and two others. 


## Extended Learning 
Use these activities to enhance student learning. They can be used as outside of class activities or other enrichment.

### Analyze Visualizations  
- There are many websites that create data visualizations. Find one that interests you and take some screen shots of interesting visualizations. Put the screen shots into a presentation to share with the class. 

### Import Data
- Import some of the data you used previously in this unit into a Google Spreadsheet. Make several different types of visualization of the data. Critically evaluate the effectiveness of each to communicate meaning from the data. Summarize the results.

### Explore More Google Chart Visualizations  
- The Google Code Visualizations Playground at [https://code.google.com/apis/ajax/playground/?type=visualization](https://code.google.com/apis/ajax/playground/?type=visualization) includes many more tools. Explore the site and report on interesting tools you find. 


## Connections and Background Information
### CS Principles Learning Objectives

- 3.1.3 Explain the insight and knowledge gained from digitally processed data by using appropriate visualizations, notation, and precise language. [P5]

### Other Standards

*CSTA K-12 Computer Science Standards*

- CT.L2-08 Use visual representations of problem states, structures, and data (e.g., graphs, charts, network diagrams, flowcharts).

- CPP.L3A-12 Describe how mathematical and statistical functions, sets, and logic are used in computation. - CPP.L3B-07 Use data analysis to enhance understanding of complex natural and human systems.    

 
*Common Core State Standards for Mathematical Practice*

- 2. Reason abstractly and quantitatively. 
- 4. Model with mathematics. 
- 5. Use appropriate tools strategically. 


[/content]
