---
title: Privacy policy
---
<br />
<br />
**May 15, 2013** - At Code.org we very recently decided that the privacy policy below does not provide the level of clarity that our students and parents deserve. See a [letter from our founder](/privacy_letter) on this issue. We have published [privacy policy revisions](https://support.code.org/hc/en-us/articles/203357427) as laid out in the letter - and we are allowing open comment until July 15 -  before replacing the policy below. As detailed in the letter, we are only clarifying our approach, we are not changing our privacy practices or the already high level of security and safety we provide our students or other users.  

# Privacy policy
Last updated:  November 21, 2013### By visiting Code.org, or if you register as a user, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. 
## What Personal Information About Users Does Code.org Gather?**Information Users Give Us**:  Examples of information you provide to us are when you search, register for our computer science educational offerings, post on our site, participate in a contest or questionnaire, or communicate with user services.  For example, you provide information when you search for classes near you; provide information about yourself for the account you establish, which may include age, gender, occupation, zip code, area code and other location information; communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form; provide student information when opening a school/teacher account; participate in discussion boards or forums.  As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers; content of communications with us, including e-mails; personal description and photographs in our section that is personalized about you.**Opt out** - You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you may be prevented from using some or all of our services.  If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your user communication preferences by clicking the "unsubscribe" link in our emails or by adjusting the notification options on our website.   **Automatic Information**:  Examples of automatic information we collect from you and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, internet service provider; login; e-mail address; password; computer and other unique device identifiers, connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; purchase history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other users to create features; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website, including date and time; cookie number; services you viewed or searched for; pages you visited; and your service history.  We may use other tracking technologies, such as such as pixel tags and web beacons.  During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page. **Opt-out** - A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit websites anonymously.  Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience at Code.org if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these tools exist.  Also, the Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.  However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of Code.org’s features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on.  **Information from Other Sources**:  Examples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our mailing address records and deliver curriculum or other materials you order from us; account information, search term and search result information from some searches conducted through the web search features offered on our website; and search results and links.  In students are participating in one of our school programs, we may receive personal information from teachers or administrators at the school.  ## What Information Can You Access?Examples of information you can access easily at Code.org include up-to-date information regarding your recent activity; personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, password, communications preferences, and address book); e-mail notification settings (including alerts and notifications); and a personalized area about you, including your posted computer programs, reviews of others, requests, and recommendations, personal profile and photographs. ## How does Code.org Share the Information It Receives?Personal information about our users is an important part of our services, and we are not in the business of selling it to others.  We share user information only as described below and with affiliates that Code.org controls that are subject to this Privacy Policy or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Policy.  In particular, we do **not** share any information you provide with our donors or sponsors (other than the "Public Reporting" of anonymous reports as described below).**Our Internal Use**: We use information you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future features, improving our website and for communicating directly with you.  **Public Reporting on Student Use and Performance**:  We may publish anonymized information about users and individual performances, however, we will never publically disclose any individual personal information (not even age or location).  Data about student performance will remain anonymous, but aggregated anonymous data may reported by age, location, gender and similiar criteria.  If a student is participating in a school program, personal performance and test information may be shared with the student’s teacher and school administration, but not with others. 
**Third Party Vendors**:  Code.org shares personal information with companies we employ to provide services on our behalf, such as information processing, fulfilling purchase orders, collecting and reporting pledges and donations, delivering products to you, managing and enhancing data, designing software, providing user support and related services.  We share only such information with these agents as we deem necessary in order for them to perform their functions.   These companies are contractually obligated to protect your personal information to the same degree as Code.org does under this Privacy Policy and they may only use your personal information as authorized by you.  
**Affiliated Organizations We Do Not Control**:  We work closely with schools, teachers and affiliated organizations.  As stated above, we provide information to those organizations, but Code.org does not control how that information is later used by them or shared with others.  
**Protection of Code.org and Others**:  We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Terms of Use Agreement and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Code.org, our users, or others.  This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.  Information may be required to be shared with law enforcement or other governmental agencies with a legal right to require Code.org to disclose such information.  However, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information of users for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Policy. 
**Others**:   We may also disclose personal information about you in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale, in which case we may transfer any and all personal information we collect to the relevant third party. **With Your Consent**:  Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to prevent Code.org from sharing the information.  ## How Secure Is Information About Me? We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer.  Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.  ## Which Information Can I Access?Code.org gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with Code.org for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information.  ## What Choices Do I Have? As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to take advantage of some Code.org features. You can add or update certain information on pages.  When you update information, we usually preserve a copy of the prior version for our internal records. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please click the unsubscribe link that is included in every email we send.  If you do not want to receive emails containing our Terms of Use Agreement, this Privacy Policy and other legal notices from us, those notices will still govern your use of Code.org, and it is your responsibility to review them for changes. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.  However, you will not be able to use all Code.org features if you do not use cookies. ## ChildrenCode.org does not sell products or services for purchase by children.  If you are under 13, you may use Code.org only through the involvement of your school, your teacher, a parent or legal guardian.  If we learn that we have collected personal information of a child without having received the necessary consent, we will take steps to delete that information as soon as possible. 
## Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions If you choose to visit Code.org, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use Agreement, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, application of the law of the State of Washington and venue for all disputes in Seattle, Washington. 
Code.org is in a period of rapid and significant change, and our Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use Agreement will change also.  We may amend or revise our Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use Agreement and therefore you need to check our website and specifically our Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use Agreement frequently to see recent changes.  Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account.  We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of user information collected in the past without the consent of affected users. ## Questions or ConcernsIf you have any questions or concern about privacy at Code.org, please [contact us](http://code.org/contact) with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. 