# Internationalization

## Overview

This directory contains the source data files for all internationalization on
code.org and hourofcode.com. These files should not be directly modified; they
will be regularly updated by the [i18n sync scripts](../bin/i18n/), which will
also distribute changes out to the various locations in the repository where
they will be handled.

This [i18n pipeline doc](./i18n_pipeline.md) contains diagrams describing how the i18n sync pipeline works.

## Modifying/Adding a new string

When adding a string, please make the key as descriptive as possible because
this is used as context for translators.

Make sure your string value only has plain text, Markdown-formatted text, and/or
simple HTML. Try to always use plain text. If you want to add formatting, use Markdown.
If you want to do something that Markdown can't do, you can add HTML.

If you want your string to support embedded HTML you **must** render it as Markdown.
This is because translation strings come from unstruted sources and our Markdown
renderer will remove any potentially-dangerous HTML.
You can render a string as Markdown by passing `markdown: true` or `markdown: :inline`
to the `I18n.t` method. With `markdown: true` option, Markdown will handle its own
block-level elements like paragraphs and lists, while the `markdown: :inline` option
will produce content suitable for embedding inside an existing block-level element.

### Pegasus

There are two i18n files in Pegasus: `pegasus/cache/i18n/en-US.yml` and `pegasus/sites.v3/hourofcode.com/i18n/en.yml`.
Either can be used in any subdirectory; lately `pegasus/sites.v3/hourofcode.com/i18n/en.yml` has been preferred.
To use strings in `pegasus/cache/i18n/en-US.yml`, use `I18n.t` and pass the key in as a parameter.
To use strings in `pegasus/sites.v3/hourofcode.com/i18n/en.yml`, use `hoc_s` and pass the key in as a parameter. 

### Apps
For `.json` files we use [MessageFormat](http://messageformat.github.io/messageformat/guide/) to enable formatting options such as Variables and Plurals.
-   Make changes in `code-dot-org/apps/i18n/<app>/en_us.json`
-   If you are creating a new app:
    -   Add the strings in a new file in `code-dot-org/apps/i18n/<new
        app>/en_us.json`

### Dashboard

-   Make changes in `dashboard/config/locales`. Choose from the following files
    depending on where it best fits categorically.
    -   `en.yml` - general strings used throughout Code Studio or if it doesn't
        fit in any of the other files
    -   `data.en.yml` - mostly strings related to accelerated course and video
        titles
    -   `devise.en.yml` - sign in, sign up, account related
    -   `scripts.en.yml` - course descriptions and stage names. Should be
        generated by editing the course on levelbuilder, but can be updated
        directly.
    -   `slides.en.yml` - the screenshots and transcripts that accompany each
        tutorial video
    -   `unplugged.en.yml` - titles and descriptions for unplugged levels.

#### Content Changes

Several Dashboard i18n files are updated automatically from levelbuilder content
and should not be edited directly. These include:

-   `authored_hints.en.yml`
-   `callouts.en.yml`
-   `courses.en.yml`
-   `dsls.en.yml`
-   `failure_message_overrides.en.yml`
-   `short_instructions.en.yml`
-   `long_instructions.en.yml`


## Updating UI Tests

Many UI tests compare against strings on the page to validate expected results.
Follow the instructions in the Dashboard UI Tests README to verify that the UI
tests still pass after changing a string, or update them if necessary.

[0]: https://docs.google.com/a/code.org/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AuZfRa__4CAYdHhObnJqQkViMUx0cGpESHc3VWtDUXc&usp=sharing "i18n gsheet"
