## Linda Angeloff

[angeloff@pd.code.org](mailto:angeloff@pd.code.org)

Linda taught grades 4th through 8th for 31 years for the Scottsdale Unified School District in Scottsdale, Arizona. She taught math, algebra, and computer technology. After leaving the classroom, she spent 4 years as an Instructional Technology Specialist for Scottsdale schools writing professional development presentations and supporting training materials for a variety of educational technology products. She was one of the lead project managers on a number of technology rollouts. Currently, Linda is a partner in eTIC, LLC, where the emphasis is on professional development for teachers and businesses using Microsoft products and interactive whiteboards. She has accredited training on Promethean, eInstruction, and eBeam software and is now pleased to be an affiliate with Code.org.

**What teachers say about Linda's workshops**

“Seriously, this was the best PD I’ve been to! I never felt tired, time flew by, we were allowed to appropriately interact and share ideas. Absolutely, loved my time - I’m still feeling incredibly happy to have attended this all day Saturday!” - Janet H. from Chandler,AZ

“I have never attended a workshop where everyone was so excited about the content! The enthusiasm projected from our instructor was infectious, and we were all so excited to share this with our students. Also very much appreciated the time given to figure out everything we could do with Code.org with our students during our time there.” - Kristina A. from Scottsdale, AZ

