## Alex Macsuga

[alex.macsuga@palmbeachschools.org](mailto: alex.macsuga@palmbeachschools.org)

Alex Macsuga has been a Business Education and Technology Teacher for the last 12 years. Just last year, he was given the amazing opportunity to teach AP Computer Science Principles at Park Vista High School in Lake Worth, FL. During his teaching career, he has taught several Business, Finance, and Accounting courses, several Digital Design and Technology courses, and most recently the new AP Computer Science Principles course using the Code.org Curriculum. He has worked hard to incorporate technology into all of these classes that he has taught. He is all about Computer Science for all students now! His students have found tremendous success in only the first year of the course being offered at his school, and he strongly believes that EVERY STUDENT should have the opportunity to take this course. He believes that the computational thinking, and other critical skills taught in this curriculum are crucial for the success for all students. In his short time with Code.org, has has gained valuable experience in the professional development sessions that he has attended, he has joined the Code.org team as a facilitator for new teachers like himself last year, and he also has been hired by ETS and College Board to be an AP Reader, most recently reading in Summer 2018 in Kansas City grading the Create Task submissions. This very short year, has given him tremendous background and experience, and he only wants to share it with others, as it was for him in his first year. In his spare time, he loves to spend time with his family, and most especially enjoys his summer trips to the Mountains in North Georgia. He has also just adopted a new Boxer/Lab Puppy, named Wrigley, this past summer that really takes on a lot of his time outside of school. Alex looks forward to working with all of you.
