## Adam Carr

[carr@pd.code.org](mailto:carr@pd.code.org)

Adam is a technology instructor at Bridge Creek High School in Bridge Creek, Oklahoma. He directs the districts robotics program, and teaches the high school programing course. Over the last 8 years he has presented technology related professional development workshops for district and multi district organizations. Adam has taught a broad range of coursework in the 12 years he has been teaching, including remedial math to AP calculus, biology to Oklahoma history, and recently an introductory programing course that teaches object oriented programing through video game design. Adam is passionate about inspiring students to see computer science as a field where creativity and collaboration are at the heart of cutting edge innovation, and that anybody can be a contributor to this field. In his free time, Adam enjoys tinkering, woodworking, and building Legos with his two girls.

**About Adam**

“This was a fantastic workshop! Adam is an excellent teacher - extremely knowledgeable and extremely engaging, which is a combination that seems difficult to find in computer science. I would gladly devote another Saturday if additional workshops were offered.” - Kelly L. from Tulsa, OK

“Adam was GREAT! I have a limited background in computer science and this program is so teacher friendly as well as appealing to students. I plan to use my summer vacation to align my current pass objectives with Code.org because I know once we start, my students will be hooked just as I am. I also have been inspired to start an after school club to encourage girls to explore the field of computer science.” - Angela S. from Sand Springs, OK

