## Vanessa Jones

[vjones@pd.code.org](mailto:vjones@pd.code.org)

Vanessa is an Instructional Technology Coach for the Austin Independent School District in Austin, Texas. She is currently a Code.org Facilitator; Intel Education National Senior Trainer; Discovery Education Star Educator and a PBS National online facilitator. She was named one of Intel Education’s 20 Most Inspiring Educators and is an Intel Education, Discovery Education, Brainpop and Edmodo Ambassador. Vanessa has been an educator for over 25 years and has been featured in the technology magazine Converge and in the Austin American Statesman article (Robotics in the Classroom). Vanessa has always been a lifelong learner and innovator of curriculum. She continues to strive to make sure all students and teachers learn and apply 21st century skills by creating a cohesive learning community in which everyone shares ideas and make reflections on their learning experiences.

**What teachers say about Vanessa's workshops**

"This was absolutely one of the best professional development workshops that I have attended in 22+ years. The facilitator was very well prepared, and had a positive attitude toward the subject matter. She was friendly, patient, and helpful in every way. I am excited about this program."

"Vanessa was extremely knowledgeable and related well to her audience. She settled my insecurity of teaching code to my students on my campus. Thank you for providing this opportunity to me. - Sue C. from San Antonio, TX"

"I think the workshop was wonderful. I always enjoy working with Vanessa. She is very professional and well organized. The activities were fun and engaging, I didn't mind giving up my Saturday to polish my CS teaching skills. I teach technology applications but hope to be able to work more CS into my lessons. The book we received will be of great help. My students will have a great time with the UnPlugged activities, and they love the online lessons. Thanks!"
