## Joann Presbrey
[presbrey@pd.code.org](mailto:presbrey@pd.code.org)

Joann Presbrey has been educating, inspiring, and driving change in Technology Education for over 20 years. A longtime employee at Viacom, Inc. – which owns such high profile media properties as Paramount Pictures, Nickelodeon and MTV Networks – Joann has worked in all areas of technology bringing technology education to employees worldwide. She has worked extensively across the technology landscape on career mapping and job competencies and has led the strategy, design and execution of IT learning solutions. Joann knows first hand the gap that exists finding talent in this industry and is passionate about exposing students to computer science. She loves teaching teachers how to incorporate computer science into their classrooms and believes this exposure helps demystify an intimidating field to both students and teachers alike. She is exciting to watch the transformation occur and to be a part of such an exciting movement.

**What teachers say about Joann's workshops**

“This was by far one of the most valuable and informative professional development days I have spent in a long time. I cannot wait to incorporate what I have learned today into my curriculum as a computer teacher grades K-5.” - Sandra J. from Lumberton, NJ

“This was the best workshop I have been to thus far. I thought the presenter was very knowledgeable in the field and made the transitions between plugged and unplugged activities seem such a natural occurrence in the classroom. I can't wait to try these out with her assistance from yesterday!” - Lindsay T. from Middletown, NJ

“The workshop made me want to teach code the rest of the year and put all other curriculum aside!” - Lisa M. from Lanoka Harbor, NJ
 
“Thought provoking and not insulting. Somehow the facilitator managed to reach people of many different levels.” - Barbara M. from Point Pleasant, NJ
