## Dominic Caguioa

[caguioa@pd.code.org](mailto:caguioa@pd.code.org)

Dominic has been a [Code.org](www.code.org) CS Fundamentals Facilitator since 2014, having facilitated almost a hundred workshops across Central and Southern California and served close to 3,000 teachers.

He is currently a Specialist for Technology Readiness and Integration with the Instructional Technology Initiative of the Los Angeles Unified School District. His charge is to leverage technology in order to improve learning and student outcomes and he works with the Instructional Technology Initiative team to lead, model, and promote effective collaboration practices that support and create an effective digital learning community districtwide.

Dominic previously served as Instructional Technology Specialist for Felicitas and Gonzalo Mendez High School in the Boyle Heights community of Los Angeles. He supported administrators, teachers and students in computer science and technology integration from digital citizenship, videos in the classroom, learning management system, digital storytelling, robotics, to coding. He worked directly with teachers and school leaders to provide professional development and coaching in implementing different blended learning models and technology pilot programs.

His other professional experiences include working with the non-profit Partnership for Los Angeles Schools as Manager of Blended Learning for 17 of LAUSD's lowest-performing and most underserved K-12 schools. He is a National Board Certified Teacher and provides consulting services to the National Boards for Professional Teaching Standards, as well as technology and education organizations in the Greater Los Angeles area.

**What teachers say about Dominic's workshops**

"I truly enjoyed the workshop. I have teaching for 26 years, and this has been one of the better professional development workshops that I have attended.  I wouldn't change a thing. The workshop was well paced and met the needs of the attendees." - Toiya C. from Santa Monica, CA

"The presenter is very passionate about Code.org and the workshop was a success because of it. I had came across Code.org by accident, and now after attending the workshop I am even more excited about having my students go through the courses." - Starlett H. from Hesperia, CA
