## Norm Ebsary

[norm_ebsary@yahoo.com](mailto:norm_ebsary@yahoo.com)

Norm is a Computing and Engineering STEAM educator. STEAM stands for Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics plus Art and Design as part of a multidiscipline approach to engaging students in real-world project-based learning experiences. An electrical engineer for over twenty years developing system, software both high-level applications with Java and C++ and embedded systems using assembler and C.  Industry experience includes programmable logic with VHDL and hardware design using high-speed design in the test engineering and telecommunications industry. I have been teaching Mathematics and Computer Science for the past fifteen years in the middle, high school, and university level. Going back to my engineering roots teaching Computer Science is my calling. I have two Bachelor’s degrees in Engineering from Northeastern University, a Master of Science from Lesley University in Management, and a Master of Science in Teaching Mathematics from Florida Atlantic University. Currently, I am pursuing my Doctorate from Nova Southeastern University in STEM education having completed my coursework and working on my dissertation. My first year utilizing Code.org curricula and tools started in August 2014 with Lauderdale Lakes Middle school in Broward County Florida. Lauderdale Lakes Middle is a Title 1 school with over 95% of the students in the subsidized lunch program. With demographics of 82% African-American and 14% Hispanic with almost 25% living below the poverty line, these middle school students at Lauderdale Lakes are the underrepresented minorities we are seeking out for Computer Science education. This was the first time students at Lauderdale Lakes had the opportunity to partake in Computer Science, and I enrolled over five hundred students in this first school year in Courses 2,3, and 4. For the following school year, I continued with Code.org student enrollment that incorporated CS in Algebra both during the summer program and during the academic year in addition to Code.org’s courses 2,3, and 4.
