## Heather Sutkowski

[Sutkowski@pd.code.org](mailto:Sutkowski@pd.code.org)

A K-12 teacher for over ten years, Heather has had the opportunity to teach students at nearly every grade level. She earned both her undergraduate degrees (BS in Elementary Education and BA in Modern Languages) from the University of Hartford. She began her teaching career teaching middle/high school Spanish and French. Then, in 2011, after completing her MA degree in Computing in Education from Teachers College, Columbia University, she knew that her true calling was in teaching technology and computer science. Through this education and through freelance app/website development, she knew the value that computer science education could bring to students of all ages and that she had to promote this effort throughout the education community.

Heather has been an active member in the Connecticut chapter of the Computer Science Teachers Association (CSTA) for many years, and is also on the State of Connecticut Computer Science Advisory Board. Currently in a position as a technology teacher at the CREC Montessori Magnet School in Hartford, she continues to be extremely passionate about providing computer science education to all students. Through working with elementary age students, she is able to see first hand how powerful it is when students are given the opportunity to learn programming concepts and establish essential thinking skills at a young age.

**What teachers say about Heather's workshops**

“This truly was the best workshop I’ve ever done. I have minimal coding experience and still feel completely prepared to teach it to my elementary school students.” - Laura A. from Plantsville, CT

“Totally engaging! Thank you for bringing back some excitement to my teaching career!” - Pay W. from West Haven, CT

“Very well organized session. Enjoyed the materials, hands-on activities, and collegial sharing of information.” - Diane T. from Stamford, CT
