## Vanessa Miller

[vmiller@nssk12.org](mailto: vmiller@nssk12.org)

Vanessa works at The Pier School, a public middle school, in Narragansett, Rhode Island as the Enrichment Teacher for grades 5 - 8. She acts as a resource consultant, peer coach and facilitator to the students and staff through the use of technology and other materials to provide all students with enrichment opportunities through interest-based activities during and after school; provide classroom teachers with resources and strategies to assist in the development and revision of differentiated instructional units and/or lessons with emphasis on higher-level thinking skills, provide identified students with challenging learning experiences and projects that are extensions of the regular curriculum, investigations and explorations of real world problems which delve deeper into the curriculum and based on student interest. Pull-out program activities have included Genius Hour, Event Planning, Creative Problem Solving, Leadership and Socratic Seminar. Vanessa also currently teaches robotics as a unified art to all sixth graders at the Pier School and code.org’s CS Discoveries to the seventh and eighth grade. During her time at the Pier School Vanessa has also been involved with the school’s theatre productions acting as musical director, director, production manager, and sound technician. She coaches FIRST Lego League after school and organizes the school’s Career Day Event each year. Vanessa is currently a FuseRI fellow with the Highlander Institute in Providence, immersing herself in blended and personalized learning practices and coaching other educators to do so as well. Vanessa lives in Providence, Rhode Island with her two-year-old daughter and husband. She is an avid tweeter and yelper and loves to explore new activities to involve her daughter and restaurants to enjoy with her husband.
