## Carl Lyman
[lyman@pd.code.org](mailto:lyman@pd.code.org)

Carl started teaching programming to his 3rd grade students in 1982. He brought his Apple II+ computer from home each day. He taught programming to his students using Logo and Turtle Graphics. His students learned loops, if statements, and procedures. Today it is called "coding". He has spent over 30 years as a teacher, 6 years as an elementary teacher, and over 27 years teaching business, programming, digital media, and IT classes. For over 8 years he has worked at the Utah State Office of Education in CTE overseeing computer programming and other IT courses. He has a wife, 6 children, and 16 grandchildren. He serves as a Boy Scout leader. In his spare time he likes to spend time in his shop building all kinds of projects. His summer project was build a boat out of 1 sheet of plywood. He is excited to introduce elementary teachers to "coding' concepts.

**What teachers say about Carl's workshops**

“My first graders are loving it. They're making lots of connections to real life too, especially the things from the perseverance lesson. I'm loving how easy it is to teach and how they're developing thinking skills while having fun, and how they can all successfully work at their own pace.”

“I signed up for the training along with my principals but we needed to cancel because of the weather. We are, however, continuing to use Code.org; courses 1 and 2. We are using the pair programming concept with the rules from the site. Everything is going spectacularly. Our K-3 school is giving all students 30 minutes of scheduled coding each week, and then some do more at home.”