## Deborah Francois

[Francois@pd.code.org](mailto:Francois@pd.code.org)

Deborah Francois is an experienced educator and instructional technologist with more than 15 years working in K-12 education.  Deborah currently holds a position as Instructional Leadership Support Specialist with the Los Angeles USD's Instructional Technology Initiative, where she works with principals, school leadership teams and teachers to support the effective integration of instructional technology at 1:1 and shared-use schools.  She is dedicated to the mission that every child should have access to technology and computer science education throughout their school career to be truly college and career ready.

Deborah is a California transplant who originally comes from Springfield Missouri.  She holds a bachelor's degree in Commercial Music with an emphasis in Technology from California State University, Long Beach and a master's in Educational Leadership from Pepperdine University.

**What teachers say about Deborah's workshops**

"Today's workshop was terrific.  Thank-you for coming to Budlong and for a wonderful learning experience.  We all had a great time.  The day went so fast and I am looking forward to beginning coding with my students.  Thanks again."

"The workshop was perfect for developing an understanding of how to better implement the Studio Code instructional section. I liked being able to see what instructing my class would look like with the ""unplugged activities. I really wanted the handbook, as I am able to have an overview of the program, and how it is laid out. I was so very glad to have attended and hope to get the course taught at my school."

"My beliefs about computer science haven't changed... I know how important computers, coding, and technology are, the workshop just reinforced what I already believed. Our presenter was fantastic. Ms. Francois was knowledgable, enthusiastic, and this was one of the best workshops I have ever attended!"
