## Dr. Sharon Jones

[sjones@pd.code.org](mailto:sjones@pd.code.org)

Sharon is a native of Charlotte, North Carolina. She earned her undergraduate degree from UNC-Chapel Hill in Communication Studies, a MA in Teaching in Business Education from East Carolina University, and a Doctorate in Adult and Higher Education. For the last 14 years, she has taught information technology and computer science courses. These courses include Computer Programming, SAS programming, Computer Science Principles, and Web Development. She is currently a faculty member at Central Piedmont Community college where she teachers in the Computer Technology Institute. She has also been a Career and Technical Education Teacher and Administrator at Phillip O. Berry Academy of Technology High School and Apex High School. She has presented and been published nationally and internationally on SAS curriculum and on integrating technology tools in the classroom and has published a book, A Recipe for Success Using SAS University Edition: How to Plan Your First Analytics Project. She loves computer science and the opportunities the concepts bring to students and looks forward to sharing the Code.org curriculum with teachers!

**What teachers say about Sharon's workshops**

“This was an excellent workshop. I traveled from Raleigh to Charlotte to attend, and it was well worth the trip! The instructor, Sharon was awesome, as well as the presentation and pace of the material, the cooperative learning sessions, and the format overall. I can’t wait to use the strategies learned with my kids at school, and I look forward to continuing my learning with Code.org.” - Jennifer B. from Raleigh, NC

“Dr. Sharon Jones was a delightful person and facilitator and I learned so much from her experience and code.org. I highly recommend this professional development opportunity to all educators.” - Lisa C. from Charlotte, NC
