## Eugene Lemon
[lemon@pd.code.org](mailto:lemon@pd.code.org)

Eugene has more than 30 years of experience in the computer technology field, both as a teacher and a business consultant assisting companies with the implementation of technology and accounting software packages. As a teacher, he worked in schools primarily serving at-risk youth. He primarily worked as a computer science teacher at continuation high schools in Oakland, Calif., he worked with students who would otherwise have a difficult time succeeding in a traditional high school setting. Through his classes, Eugene made learning an overall positive experience for his students while helping them develop core academic skills and meet California's Career Technical Education standards in the information technology sector. Eugene is a member of the Computer Science Teachers Association, president of the Golden Gate Chapter and a member of the Computer Science Teacher Leadership Cohort.

**What teachers say about Eguene's workshops**


“I really enjoyed your workshop and got a lot out of it. You are a dedicated instructor with a wealth of knowledge.... Again thanks for your expertise in helping us begin Code.org with our students.”

“I started teaching the first lesson to my class this morning, and am planning on sharing it with my district actually this afternoon. I am assuming that you want the word out and I can share! Thanks again for everything, and I hope more from my district are as interested as I am in Code.” 
