## Dr. Jeff Gray

[gray@cs.ua.edu](mailto:gray@cs.ua.edu)

Jeff is a Professor of Computer Science at the University of Alabama. He has been offering K-12 outreach activities (summer camps, contests, science fair mentoring, teacher professional development) for over a decade. Since 2011, he has been a national pilot instructor with the College Board for the upcoming Computer Science Principles course. Jeff is a recipient of a National Science Foundation CAREER award and was the 2008 Carnegie Foundation Professor of the Year (Alabama). He is also a member of the Education Advisory Council for Code.org and is an Association for Computing Machinery Distinguished Educator. Jeff and his wife Marla live in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, with their four young children. More information about Jeff’s activities can be found at: [ http://gray.cs.ua.edu](http://gray.cs.ua.edu)

**What teachers say about Jeff's workshops**

“I have attended many various kinds of professional development, and yesterday’s was truly thrilling, informational, and motivating. Your passion for spreading computer science learning is shared, and admired.”

“It was one of the best workshops that I have attended. Our students participated in the Hour of Code in December, but this training will take coding to a new level. Love the follow links and info. I’ll pass it on.”

“I really enjoyed the workshop yesterday and I am so excited to introduce the Code.org program to our students. Thanks so much for the wonderful instruction!”
