## Ben Chun

[chun@pd.code.org](mailto:chun@pd.code.org)

Ben is a designer of activities at Steve &amp; Kate’s Camp, a summer day camp for elementary school students. Previously he taught computer science at Galileo High School in San Francisco (5 years), math at Leadership Public School in Richmond, California (2 years), and worked as a computer programmer and engineer at Macromedia and a startup (5 years). He has been a reader for the AP Computer Science A exam and is involved in the development of the new AP Computer Science Principles course. His interest in computer science education also takes the form of two projects: [Computational Thinking Illustrated](http://www.ctillustrated.com/) and [I Learned to Program](http://ilearnedtoprogram.com/) both are resources for students and teachers to better understand the many roles and ways of thinking in the technology industry.

**About Ben**

“This was such an amazing workshop! Ben was so knowledgeable and inspirational. I wish I could take more workshops with him!” - Krystina T. from Sunnyvale, CA

“I have always wanted to give a foundational exposure to my little guys but I did not think that I would ever be capable. The experience not only changed my attitude as a teacher but also as a learner. I had always assumed that I just wasn’t smart enough to understand computer science. Now, with this approach, I am learning right along with my students. I am SO excited! The experience has completely changed my confidence levels.” - Kristin U. from San Francisco, CA

