## Lisa Milenkovic

[milenkovic@pd.code.org](mailto:milkenovic@pd.code.org)

Lisa is a Science Curriculum Supervisor at Broward County Public Schools and district coordinator for Computer Science Education Week. She also is a strong advocate for computer science education for all students, leading Broward Schools to be the worldwide leader in Hour of Code participation for the 2013 Computer Science Education Week. Lisa is the District Director for the K-12 STEM Olympiad and other programs to engage students and teachers in STEM. She has a doctorate in Analytical Chemistry, with experience as a consultant in laboratory automation and training adult learners in technology applications. Lisa has elementary classroom experience as a K-5 science resource teacher and 5th grade classroom teacher. She is a grant recipient and awardee for innovative programs, currently leading a National Science Foundation sponsored study of the effects of introducing computer science in K-5 on student achievement. Lisa is experienced in designing and providing engaging, informative and resourceful professional development to teachers K-12.

**About Lisa**

“Excellent workshop! Hands on, interactive, and fun! I feel I will be able to effectively implement this curriculum in my classroom.” - Chentel N. from Dania, FL

“The workshop was thoroughly enjoyable. I would definitely recommend to a colleague! I don’t regret going even though I signed up for it during my winter break! It was well worth it! The time flew by! Thank you all for the opportunity to attend this course and thank you in advance for the course materials!” - Lourdny D. from Plantation, FL

