## Meredith Allen

[allen@pd.code.org](mailto:allen@pd.code.org)

Meredith Allen is the newest member of the Technology Innovation Team at Prairie Lakes AEA, joining after teaching for nine years in the Laurens-Marathon school district. As a classroom educator Meredith taught instrumental music and K-7 computing and also facilitated the high school’s Virtual Reality Education Pathfinders program. She served on the District Leadership Team, was the district’s Technology Integrationist, and assisted with implementation of the district’s 1:1 computing initiative. Meredith has strong interests in elementary coding and is a CS Fundamentals Facilitator for Code.org. She also is certified in the Instructional Practices Inventory (IPI), reflecting her strong desire for classrooms that foster deeper student engagement. Meredith has a Master’s of Science in Technology for Education and Training and is participating in the 2015-2016 Iowa cohort of the national Teacher Leadership Initiative, a joint endeavor of the National Education Association (NEA), the Center for Teaching Quality (CTQ), and The National Board for Professional Teaching Standards. Meredith is a Certified Soundtrap Instructor and serves on the company’s global Teacher Network as well as a Education Consultant for Flat.io – both award-winning online music spaces for students to create and collaborate. Meredith is excited to work with area educators, focusing on deeper learning through student-centered, problem-based learning experiences that result in student agency, authentic work, and, of course, technology integration!
