## Tina Holland

[holland@pd.code.org](mailto:holland@pd.code.org)

Tina Holland has been an educator for over 22 years, and works for Washoe County School District's 21st Century Learning Division as a Learning Program Specialist. She helps build capacity for 21st century educators by creating, designing, and facilitating professional development courses for the district's 21st Century Educator Badge Programs.
Tina is also a member of the newly formed Nevada State Computer Science Standards Development Committee (which just met in August to create computer science standards for the state of Nevada YAY!)

Prior to working as a 21st Century Learning program specialist, she worked as a middle school science teacher. Being passionate and committed to the philosophy of teaching the “21st Century Student” and their learning needs, she stopped pursuing an administration degree and instead pursued and earned her Masters Degree specializing in Curriculum Instruction Technology. In 2009, Tina was awarded a $33,000 grant from the E.L. Cord Foundation to bring technology for learning into her classroom, as well as chosen to be part of the Nevada Pathway to 21st Century Learning Project, which was a cohort of innovative teachers selected from across the entire state of Nevada. These two things completely changed her life and teaching pedagogy. From these amazing opportunities, she proceeded to turn her classroom into a 21st century learning classroom. In May of 2012, she was awarded “Outstanding Science Teacher of the Year” by the Sandra A. Daugherty Foundation. Tina loves being a 21st Century Learning leader and a Code.org facilitator and sharing her educational passions with other teachers.
