## James Kapptie

[JamesKapptie@pd.code.org](mailto:jameskapptie@pd.code.org)

James is recognized as an innovative leader in K-12 education within his local community, across the state of Wyoming as well as nationally.  He has made significant contributions to K-12 education over the past 18+years as a teacher, online teacher, coach, adjunct professor and administrator.  
James is a change agent that has challenged the technology without a purpose mentality.  He has continually looked to create value in what technology is bringing to the educational arena.  James is effectively leading a change to the 1:1 movement to be more purposeful and intentional.  Working to get technology, and all its components, working together to measurably improve all students learning is his continual push.

James goes above and beyond his duties as a district technology director to create greater learning opportunities within his community and beyond for students and educators.  He recently facilitated and hosted Wyoming’s first EdCamp, and created #WYOedchat, a Twitter based chat group to connect educators.  In addition, he is hosted and presented at Google for Education trainings. He is active on the board for Wyoming Technology Engagement Curriculum Connection and is a current member of ISTE.  He is highly committed to teaching and learning and currently serves as mentor to pre-graduate students and students at Wyoming Youth Challenge.  

James is a highly sought after speaker, and has presented and engaged large groups of educators across the U.S.  James enjoys writing education articles and was recently published in EdSurge and EdTech Magazines.

**What teachers say about James's workshops**

"I love taking classes from James. I was in his ISTE session this summer and loved they way he really brought the focus to my teaching and how to be reflective and how to be better. This session was the same and did not disappoint! I love how James had us up and moving as well as reflecting on best practice."
