## Kathy White

[kwhite@pd.code.org](mailto:kwhite@pd.code.org)

Kathy White is a K-5 full-time Public School Computer Science Specialist in the Marysville School District.  She has a Masters in Education, experience as an administrator, a strong technology background, 20 years of teaching experience, including 15 years at the Elementary level.  Kathy has a lot of energy and have developed a strong passion around the importance and need for Computer Science in the Elementary.  She truly believes that Computer Science should be a foundational part of a child’s education.  She developed a partnership with Code.org and works directly with District Technology Directors, School Leaders, Rock Star Lead Teachers, Educational Service Districts and Code.org Business Partnerships to train teachers around the Puget Sound as well as traveling to teach workshops in other areas of Washington, Oregon, and Idaho helping schools integrate Computer Science into their K-5 school program.
She jumped at the opportunity to become a K-5 Code.org Fundamentals Facilitator in order to share this amazing, free computer science curriculum that teaches: logical thinking, problem solving, creativity, collaboration and communication through coding.  Kathy says that she has seen her students grow tremendously in their persistence and confidence and that she is thrilled to be able to reach out to so many more districts, teachers and students by offering these workshops. She enjoys traveling and sharing this past year with Code.org as well as sharing many added resources and experience  at her Code.org workshops. By attending her workshop, teachers will not only gain CS curriculum information, understand why we need to begin to teach Computer Science in Elementary, learn about computational thinking skills, gain confidence that they can immediately begin implementing this in a variety of ways, and that they are supported in this effort, but they will also gain addition resources.  She also shares what she has learned about other Coding resources including Scratch (creative computing), work with robots (physical computing) and can share ideas/models for implementation of this curriculum no mater what your role is: as a librarian, classroom teacher, or a computer science specialist.

This is also a great workshop to see what the CS Movement is all about!

Please contact her through her email below, if you would like to meet to develop a plan to bring Computer Science to your school or district, or if you would like to schedule an additional workshop in your area.
