## Neshea Griffin

[griffin@pd.code.org](mailto: griffin@pd.code.org)

I am a mother, wife, and an educator. I studied Elementary Education at Carlow University in Pittsburgh, PA; my hometown. I have been a K-6 certified teacher for fifteen years, of which I have spent most teaching in Orange County, FL. I have a Master’s degree in Career & Technical Education, and I am in pursuit of a second Master’s degree in Instructional Design and Technology from the University of Central Florida.
During my educational career, I have taught in the K-5 classroom for eleven years; 2nd, 4th, 5th, and 6th grade.  I have been an Orange County Public School District Instructional Coach for K-5 Science and Mathematics, supporting elementary teachers directly, writing curriculum, providing digital resources, creating and facilitating professional development that supported the goals of OCPS, and Florida Standards.

Most recently, I served at the District of Orange County Public Schools as an administrator; K-5 Science Program Specialist for our 130 elementary schools. This job gave me a broad range of experience directly supporting elementary school administrators and instructional coaches, writing curriculum and planning standards based instruction for K-5 Science, moving toward the goal of a full 1:1 initiative with a digital curriculum, as well as, continued creation, development, and preparation of district-wide STEM competitions and Science events.

I have a passion for teaching and learning, for STEM in the K-5 classroom, for computer science education, and most of all, for equity.

I currently consult as an education professional, and I facilitate K-5 Computer Science Fundamentals workshops for educators in affiliation with Code.org. I have prepared 200 plus K-5 educators to expand their classrooms with Computer Science since beginning with Code.org in 2016.

I look forward to learning with you!
