## Swetha Bhattacharya

[bhattacharya@pd.code.org](mailto:bhattacharya@pd.code.org)

Swetha is a math and technology teacher at a private middle school in Santa Clara, California. She has more than 15 years of teaching experience. She has coached numerous robotics teams as well as runs an afterschool robotics club, STEM club and girls only tech club called She++Jr. At her school, she is entrusted to develop the middle school curriculum which is taught at their multiple campuses. She also serves as a mentor teacher and a valuable member of school’s technology task team. As a Code.org Affiliate she hosts professional development workshops for elementary teachers so they can begin teaching computer science in their classrooms. Swetha is an active member of the Computer Science Teachers Association’s local chapter and volunteers for many technology focused events. Her hobbies include robotics, photography and watching science fiction series.

**About Swetha**

“The topic on equality really impress me in the sense the vast majority of education sources do not show by example. The facilitator has the skill set to motivate and implement action on experiences related to said topic which is a big major beginning to the topic of equality.” - Naomi W. from San Carlos, CA

“A great experience and left me feeling inspired!” - Sandra M. from San Jose, CA

“It was great to see various ways to include technology to teach in all subjects in our diverse communities.” - Carmen D. from Hayward, CA

