## Evelyn Zayas

[zayas@pd.code.org](mailto:zayas@pd.code.org)

Evelyn has been a technology and engineering teacher for many years in the classroom, now teaching computer science courses online for Johns Hopkins Center for Talented Youth and OneSchoolhouse.org. She’s all about computer science education and wants to support you as you bring computational thinking and computer science into your classroom and empower your students with these necessary 21st century skills!  Evelyn holds an M.S. in Software Engineering from Monmouth University and a PhD (ABD) in Computing Technology in Education from Nova Southeastern University. She brings more than 20+ years of industry experience as a senior computer scientist with Computer Sciences Corporation and is a certified K-12 teacher trainer for Code.org. Evelyn was a 2015 recipient of the NCWIT Educator Award. In her spare time she enjoys traveling and puttering around the garden.

**What teachers say about Evelyn's workshops**

"This was the best professional development I've attended in a long time. Evelyn was a fabulous presenter who was very knowledgeable, kept the pace moving, and used various proven methods of instruction. Anyone who can keep the attention of teachers knows what they are doing. I'm excited about using the curriculum in our school. Thank you for this valuable resource and a great day of training."

"Very good way to spend a whole Saturday learning about computer science/coding. Excellent professional development. Have been sharing with teachers, students, administration. Would like to see this professional development course offered again in our district. Loved the Trainer. Thank you."
