## Cindi Chang

[chang@pd.code.org](mailto:chang@pd.code.org)

Cindi discovered her love for computer science while taking a course from her 10th grade high school math teacher. She worked in the tech field as a programmer for many years, and then started her own web design and consulting business before entering the field of teaching in 2006. Cindi has taught AP Computer Science, Video Game Development, and currently is the Web Design and Development program leader at the Southwest Career and Technical Academy in Las Vegas, Nevada. She has presented at numerous conferences including CUE, ACTE, Nevada ACTE, and the Magnet Schools of America; participated on multiple curriculum and Nevada state standards and curriculum writing teams; is a SkillsUSA advisor with National winners in Web Development; a high school cheer coach, and most importantly, the mother of six beautiful children. Cindi is a lifetime member of the National Honor Society, 2012 Nevada State Career and Technical Education Teacher of the Year, 2014 National Center for Women in Information

Technology award recipient, 2015 Innovative Teacher of the Year Nominee, and an Adobe Certified Associate. Her passion for programming is infectious. Cindi enjoys being a “girlie geek” and a tech role model for all women.

**What teachers say about Cindi's workshops**

“I love, love, LOVED the professional development. It was the best PD I’ve ever attended. I went into it a little apprehensive about learning about coding but I left feeling empowered to begin this program with my students (and continuing the program for myself)” - Alisha J. from Las Vegas, NV

“The best workshop I have been to in a long time. I am excited about teaching coding and interested in learning more programming.” - Carol P. from Las Vegas, NV

