## Alexandra Vlachakis

[vlachakisa@gmail.com](mailto: vlachakisa@gmail.com)

Alexandra Vlachakis is Detroit Public Schools Community District Executive Director of Computer Science. Alexandra was the Career and Technical director for STEM, IT and computer science for her previous job in Jacksonville, FL. Alexandra also previously worked at Code.org as a regional manager in the southern United States to promote computer science in K-12.

Alexandra began her teaching career in South Florida before moving to the Metro Atlanta area for 10 years and now comes to us from the Jacksonville area. During her tenure in Georgia, Alexandra served as the 2014 Fayette County Teacher of the Year and was a finalist for Georgia Teacher of the Year in 2015.

In Florida Alexandra worked to increase computer science, animation, medical, manufacturing, and other STEM career courses. She also developed teacher leaders and professional development tailored to each career cluster. In addition, Alexandra helped increase creativity and hands on learning for all students. Due largely to her efforts,  her county was able to also increase pass rates of industry certification from 30% to 65% for all CTE programs. Additionally Alexandra setup the first animation/gaming studios and computer science academies for her county schools in their STEM, computer science, and art magnet schools.

While teaching in Georgia, Alexandra worked closely with the Georgia Department of Education in advising the implementation of CS to STEM, Animation and CTE schools.

Alexandra is thrilled to help increase K-12 computer science for students.

Alexandra Vlachakis
Tel: 678 471 0050
