## Nancy Lee

[lee@pd.code.org](mailto:lee@pd.code.org)

Nancy teaches Computer Science, Web Design, Computer Networking, Computer Hardware/Software at Academic Concepts Educational Solutions (ACES) in Las Vegas, Nevada. She received her Ph.D. degree in Learning and Technology from UNLV, Masters of Science in Structural Engineering from UCLA, and Bachelors of Science in Structural Engineering from Taiwan University. Nancy is a California licensed Professional Engineer and started her engineer career developing structural analysis software such as at StarDyne (Structural Static and Dynamic Analysis) corporation, AutoSTAR (Interface of AutoDesk and StarDyne), and at Bechtel Corporation, BSAP (Bechtel Structural Analysis Program). She was fascinated by the computer world and proceeded to complete her industrial certifications in software development (Microsoft Certified System Developer, MCSD; Microsoft Certified Application Developer, MCAD), networking (Microsoft Certified System Engineer, MCSE, Cisco Academy Certified Instructor) and A+ Computer Technician. Nancy is well published and has presented her Ph.D. dissertation and papers in domestic and international conferences. She has dedicated her time and energy to computer science education and was invited on the Nevada State Department of Education Panel for K-12 CS Education Framework. Nancy is a fervent supporter of Code.org’s vision that every student in every school should have the opportunity to learn Computer Science.

**What teachers say about Nancy's workshops**

"Nancy made this class interesting and fun. The thought of Computer Science can be intimidating, but she made it something I would definitely be interested in learning more about." - Rachelle S. from Las Vegas, NV

"Nancy Lee was a fun and cheerful instructor.  It is clear she knows her stuff when it comes to computer science and code!!!!  I am glad she was our instructor for this course." - Chrissy P. from Las Vegas
