## Ruth Hanson

[hanson@pd.code.org](mailto:hanson@pd.code.org)

Ruth is the Lower School Educational Technologist at Duchesne Academy of the Sacred Heart in Houston, Texas. She has been at Duchesne, an all girls PreK-12th grade school for 29 years. She teaches computer studies classes to PreK, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th grade, collaborates with PreK-4th grade teachers to integrate technology into their classrooms and troubleshoots technology issues. She became a Code.org Affiliate after participating in Hour of Code with her students. Inspired by the creativity she saw in her students, she wanted to spread the word and help ensure every student has the opportunity to learn computer science. Ruth is also passionate about service to others and regularly volunteers at the Food Bank, helps with Habitat for Humanity, works with students at a sustainable farm in the summer, and frequents Uganda.

**About Ruth**

“I have been teaching for over 30 years and by and far this is one of the best, if not the best workshops I have ever attended. It was a beautiful Saturday when I attended this workshop and I did not regret giving up a perfect day to attend.” - Judy S. from Houston, TX

“This workshop was so enlightening and a fantastic learning experience for those of us like me who did not have any idea about coding. I am very excited about sharing what I learned to my colleagues and especially to my students. I never knew that coding could be so much fun. I look forward to getting more involved in coding. The facilitator was on key and very knowledgeable about coding.” - Linda T. from Houston, TX

