## Luna Ramirez

[Mrs.RamirezQ502@gmail.com](mailto: Mrs.RamirezQ502@gmail.com)

Luna Ramirez is a CTE Teacher and Work Base Learning Coordinator at Information Technology High School of the NYC Department of Education. Her passion for the design and evolution of technology and engineering led her to teach Web Design, Network Communications, Computer Repair and Robotics.  In recognition for her dedication to educating the next generation of young adults in Computer Science, she was awarded the Stanley Schair CTE Teacher Award for Excellence and Innovation, the MCU Career and Technical Education teacher of the year award and the Code Interactive #DiversityInTech teacher achievement award in 2017. The previous year she was recipient of the Hispanic Heritage Innovative Educator Award 2016 by the Hispanic Heritage Foundation and the White House Initiative on Educational Excellence for Hispanics. She was one of the finalist for the Big Apple Award NYCDOE 2015.  Originally from Venezuela, this former Queensborough Community Associate graduate in Computer Engineering Technology, went further to obtain her Bachelor in Education Career Technology Ed from New York City College of Technology And Master Adv. Cert. S.T.E.M. Education from New York Institute of Technology. She holds NYS CTE Computer Technology 7-12 Professional Certificate, NYS Coordinator of Work-Based Learning Programs for Career Development Professional Ext/Anno, and ACA Dreamweaver, Flash, InDesign and Photoshop certifications. Her passion on the design and evolution of technology, and engineering led her to tech Web Design, Network Communications, Computer Repair and Robotics. As WBL Coordinator her role is to provide and coordinate career development services. She works collaboratively with administrators; student services personnel, and teachers to ensure the delivery of career and workforce development. She facilitates students’ transition to postsecondary education and employment in her role as Connect2College Liaison. She regularly conducts PDs for the school faculty and organizes and delivers Parent Workshops and orientations for incoming students.
