## Bobbie Bastian

[bastian@pd.code.org](mailto:bastian@pd.code.org)

Bobbie is native of Colorado.  She has a BS in Computer Information Systems and a MA in Education.  Bobbie is a Computer Science teacher at Bollman Technical Education Center in the Adams 12 Five Star School District where she teaches AP Computer Science, AP Computer Science Principles, and Intro to Computer Science.  She has over 10 years of teaching experience in both the elementary and secondary levels.  Her years of experience teaching at a variety of skill levels allows her to effectively show teachers how to present material to students across a wide spectrum of ability.  Bobbie is the 2017 Colorado Technology Student Association Advisor of the Year.  She is the Vice President of the Front Range Chapter of CSTA in Colorado and is on the Colorado Computer Science Standards Development Committee.  Bobbie is passionate about computer science and looks forward to sharing the Code.org curriculum with teachers.

**What teachers say about Bobbie's workshops**

“This was a wonderful, fun, and informative workshop. Our facilitator was helpful, patient, and knowledgeable. I would (and have) highly recommended this training to my colleagues. It was an excellent introduction to computer science for someone who has never studied the coding side of technology before. Thank you so much for this wonderful experience, I can hardly wait to try the lessons with my kids!” - Molly E. from Northglenn, CO

“It was a fantastic course... I was scared of the idea of coding before as I thought it was something I would never understand. I was intimidated to say the least. Bobbi’s kindness, patience and expertise, in combination with your outstanding materials has changed my perspective completely! What a great use of my time!” - Carrie B. from Thornton, CO
