## Stephen Zanotti

[zanotti@pd.code.org](mailto:zanotti@pd.code.org)

Steve is an Instructional Technologist working Los Angeles Unified School District. He's served as an Instructional Technology Coordinator and computer science teacher for students from kindergarten to high school. Steve supported the professional growth of teachers and administrators while working as a TOSA for LAUSD’s 1 to 1 initiative. Most recently Steve joined UC Irvine's CalTeach Program as the Computer Science & Computational Thinking Coordinator, supporting pre-service teachers with the integration of CS and CT into the curriculum

Steve is a frequent presenter at California CUE Conference and is on the Board CUE's Los Angeles Affiliate. He also presents annually at ISTE and other EdTech events (Technovation, PlaydateLA, MIT AppInventor Summit) where learners are using computer science to solve problems.

Steve is a graduate of University of California Irvine and holds graduate degrees from SDSU in Educational Technology and CSUN in Educational Leadership & Administration. He has enthusiastically provided professional development to over one-thousand Southern California educators as a Computer Science Fundamentals Affiliate.

**What teachers say about Stephen's workshops**

"I truly enjoyed this workshop! Steve was terrific..personable, patient, knowledgeable, and a good sense of humor that put us all at ease with the new learning!"

"Steve was great-he represented Code.org very well. He continually checked in with everyone, made those of us that had some experience with code and CS feel valued and allowed us to help others and engage in meaningful conversation."

"I felt this was a fantastic workshop that inspired me to bring more computer science into my classroom. One of the best things I took away from the workshop was that I walked away feeling I can get started immediately. Steve Zanotti is a great presenters and made a difficult subject approachable and enjoyable."

"Steve is an outstanding presenter. His knowledge and ability to connect to his audience is far beyond the average instructor. The workshop design and delivery was concise and had my attention at all times."
