## Ryan Monson

[ryan.monson@moundsviewschools.org](mailto: ryan.monson@moundsviewschools.org)

I became interesting in using technology in the classroom when I saw what a transformative impact it could have on my instruction. It became something I explored passionately; first for my students, then for other teachers in my school, and eventually in a role as a district instructional technology coach. Through this exploration I became a Keenan Fellow in North Carolina and became a Google certified educator and a Google certified trainer. After three years as a technology coach my role transitioned into a position as a STEAM integration specialist. In my district, Mounds View Public Schools in Minnesota, our view of STEAM is different than most. We don’t focus on the letters of STEAM, instead we talk about innovative teaching practices which have many facets like student led/driven instruction, student choice, creativity, collaboration, real world connections with authentic assessments, iterative design and computational thinking. Many of these are closely related to coding. We want to give our students coding experiences at all levels. This part of my work is what created my interest in partnering with code.org as a CS discoveries facilitator.  Outside of my current role, I have been a teacher for 14 years now and have taught both math and science - mostly physics. I love reading, listening to audiobooks, and writing. I have a new goal of running a marathon and since I listen to audiobooks, I can get plenty of reading done while running in the mornings. I have been married for 18 years and have two -mostly- wonderful children :).
