## Tara Taylor

[tara.taylor@sweetwaterschools.org](mailto: tara.taylor@sweetwaterschools.org)

Tara Taylor is from Chula Vista, California, in southern San Diego County, where she lives with her husband and three teenaged boys. She has a Bachelor’s Degree in Liberal Studies from California State University Fullerton, obtained a Multiple Subject CLAD Credential from California with a Supplemental in English, and then got a Master’s Degree in Curriculum and Instruction with an Emphasis in K-12 Reading from Grand Canyon University. Although she was an English teacher for years, she found a love for technology. She now teaches Computer Science I, Computer Science II, and is the Blended Learning Resource Specialist at EastLake Middle School, part of the Sweetwater Union High School District, which she has been teaching in since 1997.  Since its inception in 2014, Tara’s CS program has grown from two to five class periods, including second year courses, relying heavily on Code.org curriculum. Since she started teaching CS, she has presented at seven symposiums and conferences and in 2017, she became a facilitator for the Code.org CS Discoveries program. At school, she is the advisor for the Solar Car and Cybersecurity teams, and in 2017, she received the Guardian Angel of Cyber Award from Securing Our eCity Foundation for her contributions to spreading the importance of Cybersecurity in K-12 Education. Recently, she was selected as a 2018-2019 Teacher of the Year for her district. Tara hopes to continue sharing her love for CS education with other teachers and students for years to come.
