## Kelly Powers

[powers@pd.code.org](mailto:powers@pd.code.org)

Kelly recently joined MassCAN, Massachusetts Computer Attainment Network to work on major computer science education initiatives in the state. In her position as Director of Computer Science Teacher Leadership, she focuses on developing teachers and facilitating workshops for teachers to teach computer science in K-12. Prior to this appointment, Kelly served as Department Chair of Computer Science at the Advanced Math and Science Academy in Marlborough, Massachusetts. She has taught computer science for the past 15 years and has worked with national leaders to pilot and create computer science curriculum. She is currently working on a team with the Massachusetts Department of Education to create new computer science and digital literacy standards. Kelly served as the founder and co-president of the Greater Boston Computer Science Teachers Association Chapter from 2010 to 2014.

**What teachers say about Kelly's workshops**

"I think that this was a fantastic workshop....  I knew nothing about this and I thought I learned a lot.  I loved the amount of hands on time we had and Ms. Powers answered all of my questions." - Charlotte R. from Revere, MA

"Thank you for this wonderful opportunity (no cost).  It was a good mix of hands on,  modeling and peer collaboration.  Kelly Powers was very approachable, knowledgeable, interesting...  It helped to make more sense of the unplugged lessons." - Nen L. from Holliston, MA