## Deidre Hamlett

[dhamlett@sjcsmarion.org](mailto: dhamlett@sjcsmarion.org)

Deidre has been a classroom teacher for many years, taking pride in educating her students in the area of computer science. In 2015, she became a Lead Launch Teacher for the Project Lead The Way program, where she taught Robotics and Automation. In 2017, she began her new position as the technology teacher for students ranging in age from three to fourteen (Preschool through 8th grade). During the summer, Deidre teaches computer science skills to students in third through eighth grade, at Kirkwood Community College’s KICK program.  Deidre loves to teach and help others learn computer science education and wants to support you as you bring computer science and engineering into your classroom to engage and strengthen your students with 21st century skills. Deidre holds an M.A.E in curriculum leadership from Clarke University, and a B.A in elementary education with a reading endorsement from the University of Northern Iowa. Deidre began her teaching career in 1999, as a reading interventionist. Later she taught second grade for twelve years and fifth grade for five, before she became the technology teacher for St. Joseph Catholic School. She feels strongly that all students can learn computer science skills and should be given the opportunity to explore those possibilities.  If she is not at a ball game or shuttling her children to the next practice, you can find her crocheting a new blanket, watching a movie, or family activities with her husband and three children.
