## Lauren Bricker

Lauren Bricker considers herself a teacher AND a “geek generator.” She guided Computer
Science students at Lakeside school in Seattle, WA for ten years and recently joined the faculty of the University of Washington in the Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science and Engineering. She focuses on teaching CS to students from (Elementary school to Master’s level), 3D Modeling and Printing, and designing Makerspaces. Prior to teaching, Lauren worked as a software engineer, consultant and manager for companies large and small. Lauren’s interests include Human Computer Interaction, Computer Supported Collaboration, and computer graphics. She was featured on Geekwire’s popular “Geek of the Week” in January, 2012. Lauren holds a Ph.D. in Computer Science and Engineering from University of Washington, and B.S. in Math.

**What teachers day about Lauren's workshops**

Anonymous: I would like to tell you THANK YOU for your support of teachers and students, and especially your work for equity. I serve in a school with 95% students of color, and we benefit greatly from what you are doing. I cannot thank you enough for The Hour of Code, for the professional development, for the curriculum, for the videos, the guest speakers. You are amazing and you make a difference in our lives and the future of our children.

Anonymous: I really enjoyed the workshop! It was a perfect combination of teaching, learning, and observing. I took away new tools and strategies to use in my classroom. I also took away a strong determination to move my district towards CS instruction for all students K-12.
