## Ryan Torbey

[ryantorbey@gmail.com](mailto: ryantorbey@gmail.com)

Ryan Torbey is a computer science education advocate and former technology teacher. He currently operates a consulting practice, Code in Common, aimed at helping teachers, schools, and districts deliver extraordinary computer science learning experiences. Ryan holds a Master of Arts in Elementary Education from the University of New Mexico and is currently pursuing his PhD in STEM Education at The University of Texas at Austin.   Computer science education advocacy has been a huge part of Ryan’s life. Energized by the national CS4ALL movement, he joined a group of enthusiastic individuals and started an organization called CS4TX. The aim of CS4TX is to expand computer science education in Texas schools through advocacy, community engagement, and professional development. Ryan currently manages the organization of a 500+ member Meetup group that serves as the nucleus of CS4TX's community engagement priority. In addition to his work with CS4TX, Ryan serves locally as the President for the Central Texas chapter of the Computer Science Teachers Association (CSTA) and nationally as the chair of CSTA’s Advocacy Committee.  Through trainings given at a variety of regional and national conferences, Ryan has introduced hundreds of teachers to drag-and-drop programming. His core belief is that every child should learn the fundamentals of computer science and coding. Ryan aims to make sure that teachers have the knowledge and skills necessary to teach these critical 21st century topics.  On a lighter note - when he’s not working or volunteering, Ryan enjoys walking his dog, playing acoustic guitar, and running.
