## Karen Donathan

[kdonathan@mail.kana.k12.wv.us](mailto: kdonathan@mail.kana.k12.wv.us)

For the past 21 years, Karen Donathan has been teaching Computer Science courses at George Washington High School in Charleston, WV.  During her 27 years of teaching in the public school setting, she has taught Math, Science, Engineering and Computer Science.  She currently teaches multiple sections of Honors Computer Science, AP Computer Science A, AP Computer Science Principles, and Honors Advanced Programming (data structures, app development and other languages).  Before entering the world of education, Karen was a programmer at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee and Shaw Industries in Dalton, Georgia.  Karen’s passion for CS education extends out of the classroom.  She has served as a Reader/Table Leader/Question Leader for AP Computer Science A for 17 years.  Because of her commitment to APCS A, Karen was selected to serve on the Curriculum and Test Development Committee for 7 years (4 of those as high school chair).  In addition to teaching at George Washington High School, Karen has served as adviser/sponsor of Student Council, National Beta Club, Natural Helpers, Quiz Bowl, Chess Team, Computer Club, Math Field Day, and MathCounts.  Karen Donathan has been recognized as a teacher/adviser by receiving the awards of Tandy Technology Scholar, Presidential Scholars Outstanding Teacher, Kanawha County Teacher of the Year, National Association of Student Councils Region 5 Adviser of the Year, PAEMST WV State Finalist, and most recently the CSTA/Infosys Outstanding Computer Science Teacher award.  Karen is looking forward to working with the teachers of West Virginia as a Code.org Facilitator in the upcoming year.  This July, she will also be attending the 2018 Computer Science Principles Teacher Summit at Facebook Headquarters.
