## Dr. Phillip Eaglin

[eaglin@pd.code.org](mailto:eaglin@pd.code.org)

Phillip is the Founder and CEO of Changing Expectations, a 501c3 STEM organization. Phillip was instrumental in the design and implementation of the US Department of Education’s Eisenhower Science and Mathematics Consortium Project and the Texas and Southeast Regional Comprehensive Center grants, serving as Research Associate and Program Specialist from 1997-1998 and from 1999-2008, respectively. Phillip holds a PhD in science education from The Florida State University, and he has taught middle school and high school science. In addition, he served as a staff member of the Educator Standards Division at the Texas Education Agency from 2009-2011. Phillip is interested in Code.org’s focus on reducing the K-12 STEM and computer science education inequality gaps and helping underprivileged students have a pathway to success. He achieved 25 years as a STEM educator in 2015 and is looking forward to the next 25 years!

**What teachers say about Phillip's workshops**

“I LOVED the workshop! My instructor was very knowledgeable and the layout of the day was very organized. I especially loved the Teacher, Learner, Observer section of the day. It was neat to see how everyone would teach the different lessons. I also loved the Swag bag! Thanks for sharing with us. I am going to utilize the information I learned in my lessons this week for my second graders! They are going to be pumped about the puzzles! Thanks so much for offering this to educators!” - Beth F. from Austin, TX

