## Kim Strobel

[kstrobel@auburn.wednet.edu](mailto: kstrobel@auburn.wednet.edu)

Kim Strobel is a passionate CTE Computer Science educator who is excited to be leading and expanding both lead learner and student growth through Code.org’s Computer Science Discoveries course. She believes in the power, equity and skill based knowledge it brings for the future for students to exposure in the field of computer science. She was honored to be a part of the initial pilot group for the CS Discoveries curriculum, and was enamored how cohesively the Code.org team and the collaboration of educators worked. Kim has been teaching for 33 years in a variety of capacities. She earned her BS in Education degree from the University of Arkansas with a dual major in Elementary (K-8) and Special Education (K-12). She received her Masters in Education degree from Southern Illinois University in Educational Leadership. She holds both Principal and Program Administration certificates. Throughout her career she has taught in resource room, physically handicapped, early childhood education and self contained Special Education classes in the states of Arkansas, Illinois and Washington. Since 2001, she has lead and developed curriculum for the Auburn School District while teaching computer applications, computer science, STEM information technology, digital citizenship and media literacy courses for students in grades 6-8. Kim has taught at Olympic Middle School in Auburn, WA since 1995 and is pleased to be a part of the movement leading STEM, CTE and CS programs as they evolve in scope and sequence across the Auburn School District. Kim serves on the school SILT Leadership team, in the capacity of Instructional Technology Support Specialist and is the girls’ head track and field Coach. Kim is a proud mother and grandmother, and especially enjoys time on the beach, digging into a great novel, and travelling whenever and wherever the opportunity arises.
