## Barbara Sanchez

[bsanchez@tcsd.org](mailto: bsanchez@tcsd.org)

Barb has been working with technology since the olden days - in high school she learned programming on a computer where code was stored on cassette tapes, and then she progressed to using a “mini” computer with disks larger than a turkey platter.  She’s thankful that technology has evolved beyond those options.    Barb has over 20 years experience in public education, and an earlier career in software sales, testing, and training.  She took a required programming course in college, but didn’t “feel the love” for coding. Even when she worked for software developers she was more interested in helping people learn to use the technology instead of creating it.  That changed when a school needed her to take over a computer science class.  Barb went back to school to learn more, and was drawn into the problem-solving world of computer programming.  She was inspired by student engagement and opportunities, and received grants to encourage more girls to pursue computer science.  She continues to learn new things on computers, allowing her to keep her perspective as a “newbie” and to find effective ways to teach computing concepts and problem-solving.  Barb has a BA in French and a BS in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania/Wharton School, and an MA in Foreign Language Education from the University of Texas at Austin.   She is a certified teacher in gifted education, French, Business and Computer Science, and is a Nationally Board Certified Teacher in Career and Technical Education. Barb is excited for the opportunity to share her love of teaching computer science with teachers new to the field.
