## Mike Harvey

[harvey@pd.code.org](mailto:harvey@pd.code.org)

Mike Harvey is a technology and computer science teacher in Maine. He currently teaches 600 students in grades K-8. His students learn the importance of being a creator through the use of robotics, 3D printing, video game design, and computer science. He also runs a local summer camp that sees kids programming mods for their favorite computer game - Minecraft.
Mike began working with Code.org as a facilitator for CS Fundamentals in 2014. He was part of a committee of educators that reviewed student-led tutorials and teacher-led lesson plans submitted for the Hour of Code. Mike has also designed online activities and projects that are found in Code.org's elementary school courses.

**What teachers say about Mike's workshops**

"This was an AMAZING workshop! Mike was an excellent facilitator and seemed very knowledgeable and enthusiastic about the Code.org curriculum. The session was well paced, kept my attention and provided a lot of time and space to brainstorm, session plan and share best practices with other educators. I am very excited to bring this back to my school and my students!"

"The workshop was well organized and eye-opening. I went home with very different ideas about how to approach the teaching of the lessons. The knowledge I gained was so valuable because the experience of being involved in the lessons, both as a teacher and a student, provided real insight as to how things might really play out in the classroom."

“Mr. Harvey’s passion for the content of this workshop was contagious. I learned a great deal and feel empowered to share this learning with students.”
