## Alana Aaron

[aaron@pd.code.org](mailto:aaron@pd.code.org)

Alana is currently the Director of Elementary School Computer Science Academics for New York City’s Department of Education. Previously, Alana was an elementary school teacher in the NYC DOE for over ten years. Most recently, Alana taught in Washington Heights where she taught computer science for three years to her fifth grade students. In 2014 and 2015, she organized and hosted Hour of Code events for the school’s 600 students by utilizing the help of her fifth grade classes. Alana has worked as a Code.org Affiliate, facilitating Computer Science Fundamentals professional development workshops for hundreds of teachers around the region. She has seen firsthand how valuable computer science education is and how much it inspires cross-curricular studies for students and teachers alike. She is committed to ensuring all students have access to computer science education and to helping other K-5 educators in NYC to do the same.

**What teachers say about Alana's workshops**

"This was the ABSOLUTE best PD ever! I not only enjoyed myself and gained much from the facilitators, but also felt that it was an open environment where we could discuss, as teachers, our concerns, thoughts and questions about implementing this in our schools. Thank you for the excellent leaders."

"The facilitators were what made the workshop successful. Their teaching experience was evident in how they discussed implementing Code.org in the classroom and how they planned for us to experience the material."

"I was excited by the Hour of Code last year but did not have any PD. I already began preparing in early October but still found I wanted more information—the workshop day was outstanding on so many levels! Alana was well informed, kept things moving and made the experience fun seemingly effortlessly!"
