## Byronelle Williams

[Byronelle.Williams@BakerK12.org](mailto: Byronelle.Williams@BakerK12.org)

Hello. I teach D.I.T. and A.O.T. at Baker County High School in Glen St. Mary, Florida. I have been teaching since 1994. I have a Bachelor of Arts degree in Elementary Education from the University of North Florida.  I have a Master of Arts in Teaching Educational Technology degree from Webster University. I enjoy helping others and I love the feeling of working hard and accomplishing whatever it is that I have set out to do.

During the summer of 2019, I went to Microsoft Headquarters in Redmond, Washington for two weeks of Hacking STEM Professional Development. Amazing! One project in particular really sticks out in my mind. We built machines that emulate  human hands. Some of the materials we used were cardboard, milkshake straws and copper tape. As we moved the robotic hand, live data was streamed to Excel to measure the flexion and extension of the hand.

My students are primarily in 9th grade although some are in grades 10-12. Baker County High School is a rural, public school. I generally teach 6 classes with about 25 students in each class. A.O.T. students have the opportunity to earn Microsoft Office certifications. Next school year, we are planning to add a new Cyber Security program. I am excited about that!

I have been married for 25 years, have 3 children, one grandson and a new baby granddaughter. When I get the chance, I love crocheting, flower gardening, and going to Disney.

Two of my favorite quotes are:
“I can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth me.” - Phillipians 4:13
“Whatever you are, be a good one.” - Abraham Lincoln
