## Justin Feller

[justin.feller@browardschools.com](mailto:justin.feller@browardschools.com)

"Justin is a lifelong learner and teacher located in Broward County, Florida. He grew up in South Florida but has been up and down the East Coast teaching Math, Computer Science and STEM at Middle Schools, High Schools and Colleges. Justin has experience both using and leading classroom lessons that use Scratch, Tynker, Code.org, Bootstrap, Google apps, HTML/CSS tools, and various other pieces of programming software.

Justin's personal academic passions include Math, designing algorithms and helping students and teachers realize that they CAN have as much of an impact on their immediate surroundings as they want to. To Justin, CSforAll is more than an initiative. It's a whole new direction for education — students, teachers and all parts of your local community!"

**What teachers say about Justin's workshops**

All anonymous from ECS survey results (2016-17 school year):
1 - "Justin and Laura did a great job of chunking the content and giving specific examples we can use in our classrooms. A second thing that Justin and Laura did well was give us resources that we can share outside of the classroom."
2 - "Justin had a good hook to build interest in the activity and material we were doing today (throwing cards to collect data). Also he shared a variety of additional digital resources that would be helpful."
3 - "Justin - Very good at being able to further expand on the concepts and how I would teach Unit 5 [of ECS] to my students."
4 - "Providing clarity - throughout the activity there were times when I wouldn't understand and he would provide one-on-one review of the assignment. Modifying assignments to fit class needs - Justin was great at providing various examples of what could work in different classes (i.e. what to do if you don't have tech, how activity could be extended, etc)"
5 - "Justin and Laura were wonderful at providing alternatives to when we experienced difficulty finding materials and adapting the ECS course to our individual needs."
