## Shane Asselstine

[asselstine@pd.code.org](mailto:asselstine@pd.code.org)

Shane Asselstine is the technology integration specialist at Momilani Elementary School in Pearl City, Hawaii. He earned his Master of Arts in Education shortly after moving to Hawaii and has been teaching for over a decade. Technology has always been a part of Shane’s life, and bringing it into teaching seemed like a natural fit. He is an advocate of game based learning and utilizes games like MinecraftEdu to engage students through a virtual, collaborative environment. In 2014, he was a contributing author to the book, “Minecraft in the Classroom” released by PeachPit Press. Shane was awarded the ISTE Making It Happen Award in 2015 and is a PAEMST 2015 nominee. He has presented internationally at ISTE, Minecon, and ICEM on learning in a virtual environment. Since August 2015, he has trained over 340 teachers in Hawaii., helping them bring CS into the classroom.

**What teachers say about Shane's workshops**

"This was a highly engaging workshop, and Shane is such a knowledgeable teacher! The hands-on experiences and the collaboration that went on in the class are exactly what all teachers and students should experience in school.

"This was definitely one of the best workshops that I have attended since my time in the DOE. It was exciting, engaging, and very pertinent to our kids future. I wish that more workshops offered were to this caliber. The instructor was fun, entertaining, and knowledgeable, and kept the class moving at a consistent pace. Thank you so much for this opportunity!"

Shane was great! All the hands-on activities were very helpful to prepare to teach them to students. Great opportunity to network with like-minded ed professionals. Wonderful of you to make this a free and accessible event for everyone. Loved the swag too. Much more than I expected."
