## Caryn Corridon

[caryn.corridon@browardschools.com](mailto: caryn.corridon@browardschools.com)

After graduating with her Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science from Hofstra University, Caryn spent 14 years working as a computer programmer, business analyst, and team leader for major corporations in New York City. In 1998, she relocated to South Florida and spent another 6 years working as an IT consultant and business analyst. In 2004, she decided to make a career change. As she enjoyed teaching adults how to use the systems she helped design, the logical next step was the teaching profession –changing from teaching adults the language of computers to teaching high school students English and the language arts. However, her love for computers and computer science had stayed with her throughout the years, and when offered the opportunity to help teach Computer Science Principles (a new honors course in the district), Caryn was excited at the opportunity to expose students to her first love – Computer Science. She felt that she could combine her CS and English teaching experiences, while showing her students that since computers don’t discriminate, the field is open and accessible to everyone!  Over the past three years, she has grown the program from three CSP Honors classes to thirteen AP CSP classes at Cypress Bay high school. Although Caryn finds the course both invigorating and challenging, it is when a student says that “this was my first computer course and now I love it” that she realizes just how worthwhile her efforts are. Outside of the classroom, Caryn enjoys visiting her two daughters in NYC, spending time with family and friends, reading fiction, and watching Grey’s Anatomy.
