## Danial Nijhout-Rowe

[danial.rowe@gmail.com](mailto: danial.rowe@gmail.com)

Danial decided to leave the world of Medical Physics research in 2005 to pursue something much more challenging; teaching high school Math and Computer Science. Since then he has been awarded a couple of fellowships, earned his Master of Arts in Teaching (MAT) degree from Duke University and created curriculum that integrates Math and Science with Art for both the North Carolina Museum of Art and the Nasher Museum of Art.  He has been a believer in Code.org’s approach to Computer Science Education since his first Exploring Computer Science training years ago. He hopes every teacher leaves his workshop with a little more confidence and the understanding that teaching the course to your students is part of the learning process itself. Danial holds a BS in Mathematics and Physics (double major) as well as the aforementioned MAT. Prior to becoming a teacher his research in the areas of acoustical physics and photon scattering in soft tissue involved writing computer programs and building physical computer interfaces in the laboratory. He is a trained mentor and has enjoyed helping new teachers in both Duke’s MAT program and Talent Identification Program (TiP). His non-Computer Science workshop topics include integrating Art into Math curriculum and how good class structure leads to more freedom as a teacher.  In his spare time Danial enjoys getting outside with his wife and son and cheering on the Duke Blue Devils.
