## Rick Jennings

[jennings@pd.code.org](mailto:jennings@pd.code.org)

Rick is an administrator for a master's program at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, Ohio. Prior to that, he taught eighth grade pre-Algebra and Algebra in southern Maryland. Working as a facilitator for Code.org, Rick has trained CS in Algebra teachers in Ohio, Georgia, Washington, and Idaho.
In the classroom, Rick implemented CS in Algebra lessons to augment and enhance the Algebra curriculum. He enjoys training new teachers to implement CS in Algebra as a way to stay involved with mathematics and computer science education. Rick tweets about math, education, and technology at @MrJenningsMath.

**What teachers say about Rick's workshops**
"[Rick] did a great job seeking out what we were struggling with and to have conversations about what others are doing to handle those problems. Also, he lead great discussions.” - Columbus, OH

“Our facilitator (Rick Jennings) was great. He completely grasps the realities of a classroom and the current testing environment of schools and gave some great examples of how to incorporate the curriculum into our regular curriculum without teaching it as something separate.” - Columbus, OH

“[Rick] catered the focus to our individual needs for implementing this program into our different levels and unique classroom challenges. He was very approachable and worked to make sure we were all comfortable and  headed in the correct direction as needed. He answered all of our questions and was very helpful.” - Atlanta, GA
