## Matt Coia

[coia@pd.code.org](mailto:coia@pd.code.org)

Matt resides in Williamsville, NY with his wife and two children. Matt spent 7 years teaching physics and other sciences in middle and high school before returning to the University at Buffalo to pursue another degree in Computer Science. He currently works in software and infrastructure performance testing in the financial industry.  While teaching, Matt developed a keen interest in utilizing computer gaming as a medium of instruction. That interest continues today as he helps teachers from around the world to use games effectively in their classrooms through relationships with multiple game developers. In his spare time, Matt loves to do handiwork around the house, tinker with cars, and play volleyball, golf and other sports.

**What teachers say about Matt's workshops**

"This is a wonderful, purposeful workshop! I enjoyed the experience and the time it allowed me to explore code.org. I am extremely impressed and appreciative of the free resources that are well laid out and easy to follow. Why any district wouldn't want to implement this amazing resource is beyond me. Thank you for the opportunity to attend the workshop. It was amazing!"

"Everything was explained very well and in language we could all understand, the materials that we received were valuable and the fact that we can access information afterwards is a huge plus. Overall, a pleasant and worthwhile workshop. I would recommend it."

"I really enjoyed the workshop. I came away with a new confidence in my ability to teach coding classes."
