## Laura Angle

[angle@pd.code.org](mailto:angle@pd.code.org)

Laura Angle’s passion is inspiring educators to teach computer science using Code.org’s innovative combination of unplugged activities, free online puzzle curriculum, and Hour of Code advocacy. She has an unwavering enthusiasm to spread computational thinking practices in education and is awed by the talented educators who attend her workshops. Laura has a M.Ed. in Instructional Technology from the University of Texas at Austin, and over 10 years as a PK-8 educator. Laura was on the founding team and served as the Director of STEM Education for the USA Science & Engineering Festival.

**What teachers say about Laura's workshops**

"Laura Angle was an engaging leader. Her presentations were so clear and inspiring. It was amazing and so very practical. One of our first grade teachers started teaching code.org on Monday with her students. Thanks to Laura Angle for giving us confidence to try new computer science and code.org with our elementary students."

"Laura was an excellent presenter. The activities she had were so versatile and kept us moving. She is also a very nice person and willing to help in any way she could. I am a beginner in CODE and Computer Science so all the information I gathered was wonderful."

"Our Code.org instructor, Laura T. Angle was extremely helpful and instrumental in getting me ready to teach an hour of Code to my students. I really enjoyed how she structured the workshop. I would definitely recommend this workshop to my fellow teachers and friends."
