## Ali Myles 

[myles@pd.code.org](mailto:myles@pd.code.org)

Ali loves her work as a teaching librarian at an elementary school in Kingsland, GA, and passionately believes in Code.org. “I’ve seen it transform children. Many students who are not traditional classroom achievers become rock stars when they code, and quickly slide right into mentor positions. For perhaps the first time in their lives they experience shining at the top of their class, and it’s obvious how incredible that feels. Every child should have an early opportunity to develop an aptitude for this critical 21st century literacy. I believe it will change destinies.”

**What teachers say about Ali’s workshops**

I work as an IT administrator so I am very knowledgeable of the IT industry. I can't praise Ali (our instructor) or Code.org folks more! The workshop was very VERY enjoyable, incredibly well-designed, very thoughtfully presented (who ever thought of using Angry Birds to teach javascript -- you are a genius :-) ). I think the content covered, the pace, and the amount of time allocated were perfect.

"I loved the workshop. I feel that is was well-rounded as it gave participants time to explore code.org applications as well as presented the rationale behind the importance of utilizing this program in our schools. Also, it allowed the presenters to be actively engaged as we had to teach a portion to the group. I loved the hands-on activities such as the binary bracelets."

"Ali was extremely attentive and knowledgeable in the area of code. She helped many of us to realize how code can have a positive impact in the lives of students. Learning code also helps them learn social skills such as patience and how to think logically before acting."

