## Katie Lavin Lechowski

[lavin@pd.code.org](mailto:lavin@pd.code.org)

Katie Lavin Lechowski is a 2002 graduate of Indiana University with a Bachelor of Science in Education. 2007 Graduate of Loyola University with a Masters in School Technology. Taught at Frances Xavier Warde School for 5 years as a 6th – 8th grade math and science teacher. Currently in her 8th year at Mark Sheridan Math and Science Academy. She taught 6th – 8th grade science her first three years at MSA and then transitioned into the Technology Coordinator position. Since then, she has been teaching computer class to K – 8th grade students, updating hardware and software, training her fellow staff members on many hardware systems, and instructing them on various software pieces and other 2.0 Web tools. This is Katie's third year teaching Code.org CS Fundamentals Courses to her K - 8 Students.

**What teachers say about Katie's workshops**

"Katie, our facilitator was excellent! She was very well prepared, very knowledgeable about the material, and had a great attitude with high energy for the entire workshop. The material that you have organized is extremely user-friendly and I feel extremely prepared to begin the program in the fall at my school. I know that if I have any questions or ideas or concerns that I will be well supported from code.org. Thank you for an excellent professional development! It was well worth the time!"

"Katie was a wonderful trainer. She had energy, flexibility and a great memory! She made connections between the people in the training and the situations she had or the material that she was covering. Positive experience all the way around."

"It was great to hear from an educator using the Code.org curriculum. She provided practical tips since she was using it with a range of students."

The facilitator was incredible! The entire experience was extremely positive and I left feeling so much more confident about digging in to teach computer science to my kindergartners! I'm hoping to share the excitement of CODE with colleagues and send my thanks and appreciation for a great experience! :)"
