## Tanisha Foust

[foust@pd.code.org](mailto:foust@pd.code.org)

Tanisha Foust is from a small town in Alabama. Tanisha received a Bachelors in Science from DeVry University in Computer Science, Masters from Georgia Institute of Technology in Computer Science. She worked in media for 3 years programming and database management on projects such as McDonalds Monopoly Game and Publishers Clearing House. Deciding to change careers because of her passion to work with youth she was accepted into an educational program with Georgia Institute of Technology. She now works in Cobb County Board of Education where they pride themselves on preparing youth for higher education teaching AP Computer Science classes and current Adviser over FBLA.

Tanisha volunteers at the Boys and Girls Club counseling teenagers on college preparation and working with the younger youth in the summer holding space, robotics, and google camps. Working with NASA, Georgia Tech College of Computing, and Google to host these summer camps for the youth.

Tanisha is a member of CSTA and in free time loves to watch her oldest son play baseball with a wonderful and supportive husband and a newborn. 

Tanisha continues to focus on education so that she can give it back to others by working in the community with Code.org with the goal of every youth being introduced to technology. Tanisha feels that “If the youth should use technology they should not only know how it works but how to program it, control it before it controls you.”