## Julie Alano

[jalano@hse.k12.in.us](mailto: jalano@hse.k12.in.us)

Mrs. Julie Alano began teaching at Hamilton Southeastern (HSE) High School in Fishers, Indiana in 1998.  She has seen many changes in the school and community, including in her classrooms and courses.  She has taught Algebra II and other math courses but now focuses on computer science.  She teaches AP Computer Science A, AP Computer Science Principles, and Computer Science I and has also taught Intro to Computer Science.  Next year she is adding courses in Cybersecurity and App Development.  Mrs. Alano started the CybeRoyals student-led tech squad at the school and sponsors the computer club.  As founder and president of the Hoosier Heartland Chapter of the Computer Science Teachers Association, she works to promote and support K-12 computer science education across the state.   In 2015-2016, she worked as a writer for the national Framework for K-12 Computer Science Education.  She has also served on standards writing committees at the state level in Indiana.  Julie became a code.org Computer Science Facilitator in the fall of 2016, the first year the course was offered as AP. Mrs. Alano was named Teacher of the Year for HSE High School and HSE Schools (a district of over 21,000 students) in May 2016.  In April of 2017, she was named State Tech Educator of the Year by the TechPoint Foundation in Indiana.   Julie is also the head girls’ track coach at HSE High School and is currently president of the Indiana Association of Track and Cross Country Coaches, after serving 11 years as secretary, and 2 years as vice president.  In her spare time, she helps at her family’s farm and orchard near Shelbyville, Indiana and can be found selling fresh produce at a local farmers’ market on Saturdays.
