## Kim Monroe

[monroe@pd.code.org](mailto:monroe@pd.code.org)

Kim has been an elementary teacher for 18 years.  She began her career in a 4th grade co-teaching, inclusive classroom with a strong emphasis in technology integration.  For the last 8 years, she has been a technology teacher for students in K-8.  She has implemented the Hour of Code annually in her K-6 building, for approximately 600 students.  Kim is passionate about promoting the concepts of computer science to students and educators alike. She enjoys inspiring educators to take a risk and feel confident doing it, especially when they do not have any background in computer science.  With the support of Code.org, you can’t go wrong! Take a risk and attend a one-day free workshop to learn more.  

**What teachers say about Kim's workshops**

"Our presenter, Kim, was extremely helpful and knowledgeable. She kept the workshop interesting and was very organized. Other professional workshops I have attended tend to drag on. Kim kept everyone motivated, moving, and awake. Fantastic workshop, fantastic presenter!"

"First off, Kim Monroe was an excellent facilitator - I am going to try to get some of my colleagues to her next workshop. Second, I feel like communicating with peers and kindred spirits helped give me additional inspiration for trying to push CS as a focus in our school district. This was a very helpful workshop!"

"The entire experience was great! Kim was prepared, pleasant and professional. It was well worth the time. I am grateful to have been able to attend."
