## Lisa Anthony

[anthony@pd.code.org](mailto:anthony@pd.code.org)

Lisa is IT Administrator at The School of the Madeleine in Berkeley, California and utilizes the Studio Code K-5 curriculum regularly with over 250 students. In addition to weekly Technology Center classes, Anthony facilitates various STEM centered opportunities including the Technology Team, Robotics Club, JavaMasters, RaspberryPi’s, LegoMasters, MadMASTERs and CodeHS while also forming student beta-testing sessions for pioneering technology. Involved in classrooms since 1997, she taught K, 3, 4, 5, and worked as a Title One Reading Specialist prior to Computer Science. In addition to being a CODE.org Affiliate , Anthony is an Apple Certified Technical Coordinator, Raspberry Pi Certified Educator, and an active member of the Computer Science Teachers Association (CSTA).

**What teachers say about Lisa's workshops**

"This was a great professional development experience and one that I am glad to have attended on a Saturday. Great group of participants and an excellent presenter. Lisa Anthony made coding feel accessible and ready to bring to the classroom. Helpful. Thank you."

"This was a cool workshop and good use of my time. I like how we learned the pedagogy, but it also highlighted principles of equity. This is a big reason why I'll be teaching code in an Oakland public school, so it was cool that there are resources surrounding these topics."

"Great way to kick start my entry into the classroom with these lessons. I was able to set up my class and learn how I could monitor their progress. I also had enough time to use the lessons that they'd be using to see where my students may need assistance when it's their turn."
