## Ann Wright-Mockler

[wrightmockler@pd.code.org](mailto:wrightmockler@pd.code.org)

Ann Wright-Mockler is a Senior STEM Education Consultant with Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) in Richland, Washington.  Her current projects include leading the Computing the Future Project with the Mid-Columbia STEM Education Collaboratory.  Before joining PNNL, Ann worked in various laboratories and taught high school science and mathematics.  She has presented at national, regional and local science education conferences and facilitated various teacher professional development workshops, including CS Fundamentals  and CS in Algebra with code.org.  Ann achieved National Board Certification (AYA Science) in 2003 and was awarded the Presidential Award for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching in 2005.  In 2012 she received the STEM Catalyst Award from the Washington State STEM Education Foundation.  Ann earned her B.S. from the University of Oregon and her master’s from Washington State University Tri-Cities.   

**What teachers say about Ann's workshops**

"AMAZING workshop! Very fun and very engaging!!!!! "

"This PD helped me to bridge my goal of bringing more computer science into the curriculum with knowledge on how to actually do it successfully! Because of this PD I gained more confidence and introduced activities to K-2 grades this week! Thank you so much."

"I really enjoyed the workshop and am going to try to advocate for computer science within my own school and my district. "
