## Janice Mak

[mak@pd.code.org](mailto:mak@pd.code.org)

Janice is a STEM educator and instructional coach in the Paradise Valley Unified School District. She has been involved with robotics, coding, and making and has presented on these topics at district, state and national events. Her blog was recently recognized as an EdTech Best of K-12 I.T. Blog and her publications have appeared in ISTE and eschoolnews. She is a state finalist for the Presidential Award for Excellence in Math and Science Teaching, Top Ten teacher in AZ, and PBS Digital Learning Innovator. As a recipient of the National Center for Women in Information Technology's Educator Award, she was recognized for her contribution and commitment to mentoring young women in their aspirations for computing.

**What teachers say about Janice's workshops**

"The presenter, Janice Mak, was very knowledgeable and helped everyone feel competent. Her enthusiasm for computer science is contagious. We had lots of opportunities to practice and become familiar with the both the plugged and unplugged resources. There were several opportunities for discussion and sharing making us a part of the presentation. One discussion about equality and equity really resonated with me."

"Janice was a fantastic presenter and facilitated a great workshop! The pace was perfect for the group, and we had time to work together and on our own. It was hands-on and a lot of fun. Time flew by. We are now scheduling a training for our whole school to attend! We are on fire for computer science and want to get our staff involved so they can see just how manageable and integrated CS is. Great workshop!

"Coming into the workshop I had NO idea what coding was, or how to ever teach it. I left this workshop educated, inspired, motivated, and excited for what the future holds for my students any myself in computer sciences!!! I am so glad I attended!!!"
