## Tanya Cheeves

[cheeves@pd.code.org](mailto:cheeves@pd.code.org)

Tanya Cheeves is an elementary school teacher in Forsyth County, Georgia. She attended Georgia State College and University where she received both her undergraduate and Master Degree in Early Childhood Curriculum and Instruction.Tanya currently teaches k-5 gifted students as well as leads several computer science initiatives at her school including Web Design and Gear Heads  classes aimed at providing young students with the opportunity to explore computer science through discovery. Tanya is a Code.org facilitator for CS Fundamentals and CS in Science and passionate about providing computer science professional learning to K-8 educators. Follow her on Twitter @TanChee23!

**What teachers say about Tanya's workshops**

Tanya removed any hesitancy or fear I felt about being able to support students in exploring coding. I feel confident in beginning instruction right away, not afraid to tell students that whatever we don't know how to do, we can discover together; that coding is another approach to completing tasks you want to accomplish and that coding is a collaborative activity in the same way scientists often collaborate.

The Coding Workshop has helped me professionally with critical thinking and problem solving! Every teacher should be exposed o this professional learning experience. It was time well spent -Totally Engaging. Period.

I was thrilled that the workshop exceeded my expectation. I was afraid it was going to be a lecture for an audience of a bunch of engineers and that I wasn't going to understand a thing. Instead it was mostly teachers, taught by a teacher that used it herself, and I was blown away at how it bridged the gap I was having in understanding the basics of coding. Thank you for having the insight and compassion to want everyone to be exposed to this type of thinking. I think it has endless possibilities for the future generations!"
