## Cheryl Carter

[Carter@pd.code.org](mailto:Carter@pd.code.org)

Cheryl is a veteran elementary school teacher with 15 years of classroom experience.  She recently joined the ranks of her Fairfield-Suisun Unified School District's Educational Technology Specialist team, where she supports 6 elementary school sites with technology integration in the classroom.  She also provides site and district level professional development covering all things technology.  Cheryl loves teaching the Code.org curriculum and has been a facilitator since summer of 2015.

**What teachers say about Cheryl's workshops**

"I love the presenter, Cheryl Carter. She did a magnificent job of teaching us, inspiring us, and helping us learn!! It was a fantastic training!! She made it fun AND engaging! She is a fabulous trainer! Yay for Cheryl Carter & code.org!"

"This was by far the best Professional Development for explaining and giving me a clear direction on how to teach Code. I had embraced the need to teach Computer Science prior to this workshop. Now I have clear lessons and ways to explain concepts without having to invent my resources to clarify concepts. Thank you!"

"Our presenter, Cheryl Carter, is the most knowledgable Code.org Education Tech in the Fairfield Suisun Unified School District. She has a genuine passion for Code.org and Education Tech coaching. She is a wonderful asset to educators who want to increase their use of technology with students and get them excited about Computer Science careers."
