## Amy Stanley

[stanley@pd.code.org](mailto:stanley@pd.code.org)

Amy is a 25 year veteran of Johnston County Schools where she has been a classroom teacher, computer education teacher & presently a Digital Learning Coordinator. Her background includes a BA and MeD in curriculum from NCSU as well as many certifications including Online Teaching & Gifted Education. Throughout of her career, she has taught 100+ hours of PD at the school & district levels.  She is passionate about student engagement & personalized learning. Over the past year as a Code Facilitator she has trained over 150 teachers in Johnston County and Eastern North Carolina.  It is her goal to provide teachers with the tools to ignite a spirit of creativity and wonder in the field of computer science.   

**What teachers say about Amy's workshops**
"This was one of the best workshops I have ever attended. The presenter is extremely knowledgeable and kept my attention the entire time. I really liked her interactive agenda with all the associated links to resources. I can't wait to try these resources in my computer classes."

"This is such a wonderful opportunity for teachers. I am so excited to take what I have learned and teach my students. I am a tech teacher, so I have students of multiple grades. Last year I had my 4th graders only work without logins. I now feel more confident in teaching the lessons to support the computer work. I really enjoyed the hands-on approach. I also liked the variety of instruction (videos, hands-on computer, hands-on activities). There was some down time for me, but I filled that with completing lessons in different courses."

"It's very refreshing to get excited about teaching something new after feeling like I've been stuck in a rut...I love thinking that teaching something new to the students will get them excited about learning in the classroom as well. I love making connections to what they are going to be doing in the future. They have a whole new world available and waiting for them...very exciting time for our little humans."
