## Kevin  Cardenas

[kcardenas@cresskillnj.net](mailto: kcardenas@cresskillnj.net)

I am a Technology Education teacher at Cresskill Middle/High School, located in Northern New Jersey. I received both a BS degree and MS degree in technology, which helped lead me into my education career. I love what I do but I can’t deny that it keeps me busy! I currently teach a variety of classes for both the Middle school and High school, including 6th grade science, middle school cycle courses such as STEM and coding, and high school electives such as an Engineer/Robotics course, an intro computer science class (based around the CS Discoveries curriculum) and an advanced computer science course (based on the CS Principles curriculum). Ever since I began teaching in Cresskill I have tried to expand our computer science curriculum in a way that would encourage all students to gain interest in coding from an earlier age. While my district offers strictly programming classes,  like C++, Python, and AP Computer Science A, I have been working to solidify a pathway throughout the middle school and high school that would give all students a chance to see what computer science really is. Thankfully code.org has been a major help with setting up classes and training me for these experiences. Computer science is currently one of the most desirable and profitable jobs and as an educator, I find it important to encourage all students, no matter their background, to give computer science a chance. I hope to make an impact in their lives and hopefully learn a thing or two along the way!
