## April DeGennaro

[degennaro@pd.code.org](mailto:degennaro@pd.code.org)

April DeGennaro has taught gifted kids in a resource pull-out setting for the last fifteen years in Peachtree City, Georgia. She attended the University of Virginia as an undergraduate and was awarded a degree in English and Communication, followed by a Master of Teaching degree in Curriculum and Instruction. She earned her Ph.D. from Georgia State University in Early Childhood Education. In 2015, April was awarded the Georgia Gifted Teacher of the Year by the Georgia Association for Gifted Children. “Dr. D.”, as her students call her, teaches gifted K-5 students at Peeples Elementary in a “SCREAM lab” where science, coding, research, engineering, animation and math provide authentic real-world challenges and differentiation for gifted students. She is the incoming chair of the Global Awareness Network for the National Association of Gifted Children (NAGC) and part of the leadership team for ISTE’s Learning Spaces Network. April is a Code.org facilitator for CS Fundamentals and CS in Science and provides computer science professional learning to K-8 Georgia educators. Follow April on Twitter: @AprilDeGennaro

**What teachers say about April's workshops**

"I was a little nervous going into this workshop to be honest! I thought it was going top way over my head! Thankfully this workshop was very understandable and make me feelgood about computer science. Great workshop and well worth my time on a Saturday!"

"April is an amazing trainer! I am so grateful to have the opportunity to participate in this workshop - THANK YOU April and Code.org for making this possible."

"This is a great workshop. Thank you so much for providing this free of charge so that rural underfunded school systems are able to take part."

"April was spectacular! The curriculum was easy to understand and I believe that I will be able to present it to my elementary school students! Thanks!"
