## Tammy Parks

[tammygparks@howeschools.org](mailto: tammygparks@howeschools.org)

Tammy Parks, known as an innovator in technology integration, is an educator at Howe Public Schools. Tammy has been employed at Howe for 18 years and currently teaches a HS broadcast/multimedia journalism class and a MS/HS Computer Science class.  She also serves as the district's Federal Programs Director and PK-12 Instructional Technology Facilitator.  Tammy earned her Master of Education (educational technology emphasis) from East Central University in May of 2017.  She shares her enthusiasm for technology with other educators by leading integration strategies at Howe Public Schools.  Her district has a 1 to 3 iPad program in PK-12th grades and a 1 to 1 MacBook/ChromeBook program in grades 1st-12th.  Tammy served as President of the Board of Directors for the Oklahoma Technology Association in 2017-18.  She was named the 2009 Distinguished K12 Teacher by the Oklahoma Distance Learning Association and joined the ranks of the training cadre for Oklahoma A+ Schools® in 2009 and was selected as the Da Vinci Institute 2012 Oklahoma A+ Teacher.  Tammy was named the 2013 Touchstone K20 SKIE Regional Finalist for the Southwest region and the 2013 Teacher of the Year by the Oklahoma Technology Association. She was recently appointed to the newly formed Oklahoma Council of Educational Technology Leaders’ board.  For the past 20 years, Tammy has served on numerous planning committees for Oklahoma EdCamps, State and International Conferences and continues to support statewide efforts to unite educators through social media and collaborative projects in Oklahoma.  Tammy is a newly adoptive Mom of a precious one year old.  In her free time, she enjoys spending time with her husband Scott and family, attending vintage car shows, shopping for antiques, and spending time in the great outdoors, bird-watching, hiking and camping!
