## Carol Carmichael

[carmichaelc@eastonsd.org](mailto: carmichaelc@eastonsd.org)

2017-18 school year marks Carol's 14th year as an educator (7 years in hs computer science; 7 years in ms computing). Prior to teaching, Carol worked over 20 years in Information Technology for companies including IBM, HP, EDS, and Tandy. She said it was an exciting time in IT with never a slow moment, constant change and always learning new technologies. She holds a BS from Clemson University and a MS from Wilkes University. When she first began teaching, she loved working with her students but missed the constant change of the information technology field.  Initially, she was asked to teach MS Office, what the district and the state considered fulfilling a "computer" requirement. After a move to the high school, things began to change. She was able to develop her own curriculum. She changed names, the curriculum for the courses and began marketing them to the student body.  After her first year at the high school, she discovered CSTA and went to the Tapestry at UVA Workshop. It's here she learned about the newly organized code.org.  She learned about courses including Exploring Computer Science and Computer Science Principles. Since teaching at the high school, curriculum changes have attracted more diverse students to computer science classes. Last year, she taught 93 students the inaugural AP CSP and had an 84% pass rate on the AP exam. In addition to teaching cs, Carol holds a yearly elementary computer science camp. Since the beginning of the Hour of Code, their computer science club has hosted the state's US Senator, MSNBC, local media, local businesswomen and men, the city's mayor and the school's superintendent to try coding through the Hour of Code. She was the 2016 NCWIT Educator Award Recipient. Carol is looking forward to being a facilitator for code.org's AP CSP and helping new cs teachers spread the excitement of computer science. Carol said, "I can honestly say it's a great time to be teaching computer science with never a slow moment, constant change and always learning something new!"
