## Michelle Lynn

[melynn@dcsdk12.org](mailto: melynn@dcsdk12.org)

When I am not teaching technology, you can find me spending time with my family. My husband and I both grew up in Oklahoma and graduated from the University of Oklahoma. We are avid college football fans! (BOOMER!!) We have two sons. My oldest is at CU headed into his sophomore year and my youngest attends Highlands Ranch High School. We love spending time in the mountains, playing and watching lacrosse, and generally enjoying the outdoors. Personally, I love reading and on any given day, you might find me out jogging or walking with our chocolate lab Cody.

I am so excited to be one of your Code.org Discoveries facilitators! The Code.org family is full of support and community. I am proud and honored to be a part of that.   I am currently teaching Computer Science at Castle Rock Middle School in Castle Rock, CO. I LOVE the inquiring minds in middle school! A quick synopsis of how I got here….I began my working life as a clinical dietitian (weird huh?) but soon became the hospital computer expert. When my husband and I moved to Colorado, I started working for a computer training company and there I learned a great deal about software, hardware, and web design. I then obtained my master's degree in Information and Learning Technologies from CU Denver. I began my teaching career at Fox Creek Elementary as the Technology Teacher prior to coming to Castle Rock Middle School and Code.org. I am looking forward to our year together! It will go by quickly!
